( 40 . i like reading and listening to music .
tne trend of stock market is hard to predict
now i have something urgent to deal with .
where can i get the certificate stamped
if i were you , i certainly would .
he feels lack of interest in sex .
two hundred dollars gives jack much help .
you should think them out more carefully .
mr. williams : what 's the matter with him ?
we 'll have to solve the murder ourselves .
do you know anything about his condition ?
how about early evening , just after work ?
and the little prince went away , puzzled .
he has known both grief and happiness . 13 .
rolfe : but i 'm here . liesl : please rolfe .
impulses depend on the first chance word .
i 've seen this cheaper ( in ) other places .
i : do you have any questions ?
farmers kill pigs , sheep , cocks and hens .
lind hmm , a weekend report ?
hairdresser : oh . i made a mistake .
hockney : ... but lets not use that .
how about going to dinner tonight ?
he only grinned broadly in return .
there 's nothing to lose , is there ?
he demanded to be told everything .
laughs best who laughs last .
i appreciate my abecedarian a lot .
it was at that point that i felt a
you could also try chinese hotpot .
i suggest putting the meeting off .
soldiers must have to obey orders .
you are driving a hard bargain . 64 .
my brain does n't seem to work well today .
he was indifferent to my fretting .
susan 's like a mother to michelle .
to show that you do n't want any wine ?
it is . that 's another great thing .
taxi driver : well , that 's for all .
i do n't wanna waste anybody 's time
they all say unto him , let him be crucified .
how about going to dinner tonight ?
my feelings will not be repressed .
oil can be turned into energy by burning it .
when you can look under the authors name .
i called on him at his office yesterday . 36 .
i appreciate my abecedarian a lot .
her eyes were swimming with tears .
i respect and admire your failure .
air our expectation for the future
he gained some weight recently .
only a few buildings were damaged .
i was always forgetful these days .
it probably is n't serious at all .
the darkest hour is that before the dawn . 3 .
why was he called little gavroche ?
i have finished all my homework . 8 .
what 's the dollar going for today ?
how are they couply getting alone ?
best of friends must part .
morley : it 's been great , you know .
let 's stay another ten minutes .
stop kidding ! stop pulling my leg !
sometimes we exchange a few words .
raindrops keep falling on my head .
i 'd like to change my reservation .
what do you like doing in your spare time ? 42 .
that 's all i ate for eight weeks .
we are all very concerned about his health
phoebe : who the hell are all these people ?
one track-minded . stop reasoning with him .
i know thou takest pleasure in my singing .
have experience in computer operation .
the soldier was badly wounded in the head .
he said he could do it alone ( = by himself ) .
the death of his father gave him much pain .
we have n't received the report yet by now .
he is having a computer . he has a computer .
this document bore his signature . 47 .
i do n't suppose he cares , does he
i demand that you leave this place at once .
please say hello to your mother for me . 17 .
since the organization is an integrated entity with interdependent functions , the information system should also be an integrated whole encompassing the overall activities of the organization .
and where do you think she slept ?
it makes me feel at peace and comfortable .
i was delayed by the traffic .
i 've finally decided to break up with her .
yes , here they are . but they are more expensive ..
i love him more than her .
do you have the receipt yes , i have .
[ i am looking forward to your early reply .
and they did all eat , and were filled .
she is only free on friday afternoon . 547 .
this garment is simply not clean .
elizabeth taylor barbara walters : when you hear people saying , elizabeth taylor , now she 's a 1 ) legend .
; [ 11 . the party stopped at half past nine .
kill two birds with one stoneit was funny .
on the very first day , god created the cow .
i hope we can spend the holidays together .
i regret sayinghaving said what i said .
they are taking dinner with the guests .
to get him to change his mind is not easy .
she loved me , sometimes i loved her too .
do n't make me sound so bad .
: attitude is foundational to success .
a true man and a thief think not the same .
b ) nowhere have i seen your bike .
research using mris shows that brain patterns of people viewing photos of foods they like and foods they do n't like are very different , seeley says .
this hostel remains a plane -- most clients have to share the jet 's nine bathrooms and staff only wear air steward and stewardess outfits .
my voice sounded strange .
experience suggests we humans get jealous or resentful for so many reasons , and witnessing someone 's material wealth is often one of them .
what are your discount terms ?
there 's a wholesale restructuring going on in financial services , ' says rob sloan , u.s. head of executive recruiter egon zehnder 's financial-services practice .
but you feel my hair is coming back ?
i can cut your hair right now if you like .
eu scientists , environmentalists , dermatologists and the nickel industry considered nickel allergy potential when the composition of the euro coins were decided , the study said .
( these forests are a hunters paradise .
will you be checking any luggage today ?
[ its ] totally beyond my imagination !
i advertised him of my plans .
we 'd like to buy some furniture for our new house .
i 'll bring the tools with me .
freight ( n who will pay the freight on this order ?
what level is your job with in the company ?
we do n't know the market situation .
all ( of ) her friends are football fans .
we 'll meet at the restaurant at eleven .
i like reading and listening to music . 27 .
my box has no gasoline/fuel .
silly child is soon taught ..
people do n't want there to be another war .
daniel : i like science most .
women play a significant role in the modern olympic games . the first games were held in olympia to celebrate zeusvictory against his father .
i think it 's very important .
what if i was sweeping a chimney ?
helen : but that 's impossible .
in 1892 the age of mass arrivals began , during which 15 million new people passed throuph ellis island into the usa over a period of 62 years .
please look after the little boy .
is there anyone else who can help me
shall we watch by the corpse ?
general responses i hope so .
we own 100 acres of farmland .
this is the man who wanted to see you .
but that 's just the short answer .
give yourself the luxury of time alone .
i 'd like to have some local food .
klaatu : you should let me go .
your kindness quite overwhelmed me .
liars have need of good memories .
it is the unique sequence of amino acids that imparts many of the fundamental properties to different protein and tertiary structures .
patient : oh , yes . she agrees with me .
last laugh he who laughs last laughs best .
this is a no parking area .
and if we do overtake him ?
you fill my life with joy .
( we promise delivering the goods in two weeks .
i know how much you dislike him .
a few minutes later the student came back .
they have shown courage of their own .
i do n't know what time to start .
surely that was the one for her .
stuart : i work in a gas company .
that noise is unbearable !
tina and jason are at the office .
hit the mall with all my sisters
let me make you a special offer .
you can add salt to taste .
we need one more towel . 4 .
this bag is made of cloth .
love makes one fit for any work .
chapter iv contract of carriage of goods by sea
have an easy-payment plan .
will you send me the book ?
do n't empty the water jar until the rain falls .
ought not to work so hard .
how long will you be in beijing ?
it is suspected that she is spy .
we even know that we know !
but for me , tea is better .
we have none in stock now .
do n't give credence to all the gossip you hear .
i hope you enjoy the play .
" said the famous scientist dr. walker .
his actions have always been a worry to me . 503 .
on the table was a plate of beef and vegetables .
on the table was a plate of beef and vegetables .
i like blue . you see , thats the color of the sky .
please look at the data of this first chart .
the color of her dress suits her very well . 774 .
the color of her dress suits her very well .
this number was chosen arbitrarily .
traditionally , such inflows have been filtered through clumsy and one-sided joint ventures in which foreigners have few rights .
some , like senator richard shelby of alabama , the ranking republican on the banking committee , have a straightforward solution .
please excuse my bad handwriting . 6 .
iom spokesman jean-philippe chauzy , says these experts will arrive in burma on saturday . he says they include health , logistics and operation specialists .
information security engineer
" " oh no , that 's the third time !
will you give them into my hand ?
my boss works too hard . 19 .
to be a happy man from tomorrow .
you are right to some degree .
sell to customer rate : :there is no cash left in this machine overnight this till position is closed .
many people like because  . besides .
kadoorie agricultural aid loan fund
next time have her telephone you .
such things are considered private .
where the mining relates to a navigable river , it shall be subject to approval by the department of river administration and the department of navigation .
that should be helping reduce the surplus .
the color of her dress suits her very well . 774 .
this bottle must not be stood close to the fire .
[ no wonder you can n't sleep when you eat so much .
the land in this region is dry and parched .
for he giveth not account of any of his matters .
the one you tease shall be a proud one actually .
it took me a while to prove them wrong .
he debated carefully before he decided .
would you like me to have him call you ?
his conduct of the business was very successful .
we have to take precautionary measures .
i do n't know how to fill out this form .
love will keep you together .
he said these answers were right .
which material shall we use ?
i bought it the day it was released .
the truth is always the strongest argument .
all visitors must report to the security office .
him two hours to do the homework .
the visitors must register at the security room .
what 's your ratio of investment return ?
i am perfectly serious in my refusal .
this time it was the charcoal dealer .
but wait a second , you may say .
i love my mother and feel proud of her .
but i have never seen you here before .
we have a small gift for you .
dividends shall be paid in ( currency ) .
but no , that wasnt possible .
shock the bottle well before the experiment .
there is no absolution without penance .
i love the beautiful season .
i do n't want to go to the folk concert .
visitors must regester in security room