domain controller compares challenge and response to authenticate user .
domain expressions identify policy subjects to be included within the policy scope .
don box put it simply : " it does n't matter .
do n't detect my modem ; i will select it from a list .
do n't overoptimize the site only to get number-one rankings .
do n't protect my submission page or my database editor with a username and password .
do n't worry if you 're not a fan of the alphabetical ordering of the fields .
do n't worry , they 're coming in the next article .
double-click an error message to highlight the error in the document .
double-click each computer icon to share printers and other resources .
double-click on this component to place it on the winform .
download the software and get it to your aix system .
download the updates automatically and notify me when they are ready to be installed .
download version 1.1.11 ( see resources ) .
download version 5.0.28 ( see resources ) .
dr. gui does n't even want to know why . )
drag a video clip or picture here to add it to your movie .
drag and drop images from the my selections area onto the image slots in the template .
drag links from the favorites list into the appropriate new folders .
drag onto the page and attach to a wall , office panel , or desk .
drag onto the page to add a customizable , three-dimensional bar graph .
drag onto the page to add a menu with a drop-down sub-menu .
drag onto the page to add a reference port to your structure diagram .
drag onto the page to add the starting and stopping point of an object .
drag onto the page to connect a mandatory role to an object type .
drag onto the page to list textual declarations in your behavior diagram .
drag onto the page to represent the security and administrative boundaries of a network .
drag onto the page to specify where an actor participates in a use case .
drag onto the page , then drag the yellow diamond to adjust angle of trailer .
drag onto the page , then place over line to indicate coaxial line .
drag onto the page , then right-click to show or hide center circle .
drag onto the page , then right-click to show or hide door clearance .
drag onto the page , then right-click to specify dimensions and an alternative form .
drag onto the page , then right-click to specify dimensions and door clearance .
drag onto the page , then subselect a field to add data .
drag the picture or video from the folder to the photo gallery window .
drake embarked into the atlantic ocean with five ships , heading toward the pacific ocean .
dropwindsondes are especially useful in studying tropical cyclones .
dry ice turns directly into a gas ( sublimes ) if it is heated above this temperature .
due to these virtues , learning objects have gained widespread appeal .
duplicate effseq not allowed for a duplicate rate code .
duplicate messages are not detected because no unique message id is used
during a request , the executable file is downloaded to the download cache .
our examination included a general review of the accounting procedures and such tests of the accounting records and other supporting evidence as we considered necessary in the circumstances .
since 1 january 1988 , the accounts have been maintained on a biennial basis in accordance with the unicef financial regulations and rules .
3 . the accounting unit is the united states dollar .
6 . income consists of general resources and supplementary funds .
7 . income is recorded on the basis of funds or pledges received for the current year .
9 . all other income received by unicef is classified as miscellaneous income and is credited as general resources .
10 . the statement of income and expenditure does not include funds received and expenditures made from special accounts .
those transactions which do not require commitments by the executive board are maintained as special accounts .
11 . donations-in-kind , which are recorded as memorandum entries in the books of accounts , are not part of unicef income .
future acquisitions of unicef capital assets will be included in the capital asset fund ( see para . 22 below ) .
goods in transit to the warehouse are valued at actual cost .
19 . the gco inventory of raw materials , products in process and finished goods are valued at standard cost .
20 . furniture , equipment and other non-expendable property are not included in the assets of the organization .
acquisitions are charged against budgetary accounts in the year of purchase .
the principles of consolidation reflect the accounting policies outlined below :
inter-office transactions between unicef and greeting card and related operations are eliminated for consolidation purposes .
contributions for the biennium ended 31 december 1993 consisted of $ 831,663,122 for general resources and $ 758,667,535 for supplementary funds .
25 . net income from the greeting card and related operations for the biennium ended 31 december 1993 was $ 190,259,790 .
28 . donations-in-kind valued by donors and accepted by the executive director at $ 36,393,893 were delivered by unicef to projects during the biennium 1992-1993 .
adjustments for write-offs of other assets and losses amounted to $ 339,160 .
the write-off and adjustment of pledges consist of :
details and ageing are given in schedules 4 and 5 , respectively .
these contributions will be recorded as income in following years in accordance with the conditions specified in the relevant pledge .
this represents the non-expendable property of all except two unicef offices .
computer equipment acquired in 1992-1993 has been charged against the administrative budget , a procedure consistently applied since 1986 , and is not reflected in the statements .
41 . in 1987 , unicef established a reserve of $ 100,000 to self-insure for property losses .
42 . the procedure of replenishing the reserve accounts from income was discontinued in 1993 .
43 . staff members ' accumulated annual leave as at 31 december 1993 has an estimated value of $ 16,181,000 .
5 . expenditure for cooperation by programme in 1992 and 1993 .
the financial statements of the organization for a specified period or at a specified date audited by the external auditors ( united nations board of auditors ) .
accrual of expenditures in each financial period means that costs are recognized when obligations arise or liabilities are incurred and not when payments are made .
a plan in financial terms for carrying out proposed activities in a specified time .
however , the executive board approves an appropriation of funds only for unicef administrative and programme support costs .
cash kept on hand by authorized officers as a convenience for making small payments on behalf of the organization .
contributions to unicef that are offered and accepted without reference to a scale of assessment determined by any united nations legislative body .
contributions pledged to unicef but not received until a future time .
currencies , the use of which ( mainly in respect of transferability and convertibility ) is limited because of foreign exchange regulations or donor 's wish .
expenditure for a financial period is the sum of the disbursements and valid unliquidated obligations made against the appropriation / allocation of the period .
the operating period of the organization , covered by the financial statements , is on a biennial basis .
since 1 january 1988 , unicef accounts have been maintained in accordance with the unicef financial regulations and rules .
fund balances and reserves represent the difference between the assets and the liabilities of the organization .
consists of funds available for the implementation of programmes funded by general resources and supplementary funds as well as funds available for the acquisition of capital assets .
income for a financial period is defined as money or money equivalent received or accrued during the financial period which increases existing net assets .
unicef income is recorded on the basis of funds or pledges received for the current year .
also referred to as " miscellaneous income " for general resources .
the unicef liquidity policy allows these temporary imbalances to be offset by up to one half of the balance of supplementary cash-on-hand .
obligations are amounts of orders placed , contracts awarded , services received and other transactions which involve a charge against the resources of the current financial period .
obligations may be maintained either for that period or until liquidated or cancelled .
the unicef accounts are maintained in united states dollars .
transactions in other currencies are converted for recording into united states dollars , in principle , at the united nations operational rates of exchange .
a reserve of $ 200,000 was established by the executive board in november 1950 when unicef adopted a policy of self-insurance for programme supplies .
explanatory or supporting analyses accompanying financial statements .
funds accepted by unicef mainly to cover the costs of procurement of supplies and services undertaken by unicef on behalf of others .
programme recommendations are often prepared in excess of the input available from general resources .
these recommendations are approved by the board as suitable for funding by supplementary contributions from donors .
when a supplementary contribution for specific purposes is made for such a programme , the corresponding commitment enters into effect ( usually between board sessions ) .
the unspent balance at the end of the biennium is cancelled and reported to the executive board .
these statements have been examined and include the audit opinion of the board of auditors .
the financial statements have been prepared and certified as correct by the comptroller .
its headquarters are at vienna , with a headquarters branch located at amman , jordan .
2 . until 31 december 1991 , unrwa prepared its accounts on an annual basis .
this is the first biennial financial report of the agency , covering the period 1 january 1992 to 31 december 1993 .
additionally , in-service training courses were provided for 1,906 teachers through the education development centres attached to each field office .
4 . the health programme covers curative and preventive medical services , which are provided through 120 health clinics .
hospitalization is provided at heavily subsidized rates in 28 hospitals in the four fields , where the agency has special agreements .
in jordan these services are provided through a cash reimbursement scheme .
during the biennium , the number of bed days utilized by refugees in contracted hospitals amounted to 344,495 .
environmental health services are also part of the health programme and so is the supplementary feeding programme to pre-school children , pregnant women and nursing mothers .
5 . the agency 's relief and social services provide socio-economic support for the most disadvantaged of the palestine refugees and facilitate their self-reliance .
these services are open to all eligible refugees .
the accounts for this fund are shown in statements x-xiii .
more and more projects are now being implemented .
the accounts for this programme are contained in statements xiv and xv under the title expanded programme of assistance .
however , it is anticipated that this programme will be phased out and replaced by the peace implementation programme , which is described in paragraph 9 below .
the programme also targets similar needs of palestine refugees residing in jordan , lebanon and the syrian arab republic .
at 31 december 1993 , total pledges for the peace implementation programme amounted to over $ 30 million .
the accounts for this programme are contained in statements xviii and xix .
10 . the quality and adequacy of hospital services in gaza has deteriorated to a level considered to be far from acceptable by international standards .
in november 1991 , the european community pledged 13 million european currency units ( ecu ) ( $ 16.7 million ) for construction costs .
other contributions have been received from sweden , spain and turkey .
11 . the agency 's budget , as detailed in statement i , is the operating budget for the biennium 1992-1993 .
12 . the total budget for 1992-1993 of $ 699.8 million , as shown in statement i , consists of the following elements :
emergency and extraordinary budgets :
the working capital was reduced in the biennium by $ 37.5 million , the excess of expenditure over income .
in addition , it was decided to set up a reserve out of working capital for non-construction costs related to the gaza hospital amounting to $ 1.8 million .
pledges made by several donors for 1993 were not received until early 1994 .
the accounting principles of the agency require that these contributions be recorded in 1994 , that is when they are received .
the sums involved amount to approximately $ 38 million and this is the main reason for the biennium deficit of the general fund .
17 . statement iii shows the agency 's working capital as well as all other fund balances .
it should be noted , however , that these other balances are earmarked for special purposes .
18 . part of the agency 's regular budget is entitled funded ongoing activities , for example , the running costs of certain training centres .
these are activities that are part of the agency 's normal programmes ; however , donors are solicited for each activity .
if donors are not found or if contributions are insufficient to fund the full programme , the general fund will fund all or part of the activity .
at 31 december 1993 , the accumulated deficit on these funds amounted to $ 8.3 million .
20 . the accounts of the staff provident funds are shown in statements xx to xxiv .
the total assets of the funds rose from $ 614 million to $ 732.6 million .
net investment income for the biennium was $ 142.8 million , as compared to an annual income in 1991 of $ 70.5 million .
the reviews concerned the efficiency of financial procedures , the internal financial controls and , in general , the administration and management of unrwa .
4 . the audit was carried out at unrwa headquarters at vienna and at the field offices in the west bank and gaza .
this practice helped to maintain an ongoing dialogue with the administration on audit issues .
the board 's observations and conclusions were discussed with the administration whose views , where appropriate , have been reflected in the report .
the present report is divided into two parts , covering the audit of financial statements and management issues , respectively .
detailed actions taken and the comments of the board thereon are outlined in the annex to the present report .
8 . the board 's examination revealed no weaknesses or errors considered material to the accuracy , completeness or validity of the financial statements as a whole .
( c ) property management and accountability should be emphasized as follows ( para . 73 ) :
( i ) missing property items should be fully investigated to establish personal responsibility for any losses ;
( ii ) adequate property records should be maintained ;
( iv ) responsibility for the control of property should be formally delegated to appropriate custodians ;
15 . the implementation of projects related to the gaza beach camp sewage schemes was delayed for periods of over two years ( paras . 44-46 ) .
16 . the treatment and utilization of some portions of earmarked contributions were not fully consistent with the donor 's instructions ( paras . 49-51 ) .
idle computers were also found in other locations ( paras . 58 and 61 ) .
the deficits in the expanded programme of assistance ( epa ) and capital and special projects were the result of increased activities funded from previous surpluses .
the peace implementation programme ( pip ) is a new initiative launched in october 1993 , hence the low utilization of paid contributions .
a sample review of carry-forwards indicated that they were generally set up only when there were clearly identifiable projects or legal contracts .
valid contracts and purchase orders had been raised for the outstanding obligations and the goods-in-transit , respectively .
29 . the general fund working capital decreased from $ 33.7 million in 1991 to a deficit balance of $ 5.5 million in 1993 .
30 . for the funds other than the general fund , the agency records a fund balance instead of working capital .
each of us keeps one original and two copies .
let me introduce you .
please sit down .
thank you very much for preparing such a splendid dinner specially for us .
could you tell us more about it . we have adopted , for example , payment by installments .
the principle that we are insisting on is to take into consideration our ability to pay when we import goods .
a claimant may claim compensation from any one of the organs under joint compensatory obligations and the said organ under compensatory obligations shall pay compensation first .
deepening the reform of the service sector 3 . further relaxing the market access to the service sector .
encouraging technology innovation in the service sector .
studying and improving industrial policies as soon as possible .
the price for this commodity has changed somewhat compared with that of last year .
we may reconsider our price if your order is big enough .
if you hope to introduce some advanced technology and complete plants , we 'd like to offer you our help .
our corporation is willing to give its help to your economic construction .
the appearance of a package that catches the eye will certainly be of much help in promoting the sales .
we 're filing a claim with our insurance company .
we should get to know who are the audience for the selected advertising media .
74 . e-mail seems to have reformed the organization of companies .
100 . drafts drawn under this credit must be negotiated in china on or before july 20 , 2001 . after which this credit expires .
raw material prices have risen , so we can n't sell our product at that price .
we are anxious to know your usual practice in giving commission .
well , if you leave your name and number , i 'll tell him to call you back when he is free .
81 . we cannot accept l/c available by draft at 30 days ' sight .
id like to change / reconfirm my reservation on flight number ar880 on the 16th of this month .
please pay us within sixty days from the invoice date .
we have some questions about after-sale services .
the claimant for compensation shall be determined in accordance with article 6 of this law .
we have always been able to supply these firms with their monthly requirements without interruption .
we are always in a position to quote you the most advantageous prices for higher quality merchandise .
article 15 a business establishment without independent legal person status set up overseas by an enterprise does not have to prepay enterprise income tax at its locality .
where the decision of compensation by the compensation commission is of validity of law , it must be executed .
i am planning a trip to france next month , and i am looking forward to meeting you .
we shall be glad to enter into business relations with your company .
we look forward to your early reply . thank you for your letter of 1 september suggesting that we grant you a sole agency for our household linens .
we were very interested to hear that you are looking for an uk distributor for your teaching aids .
thank you for your letter of 2 november .
thank you for your letter of 7 july regarding your new laptop computer .
please refer to the " electronic services " - " electronic search services " section of this website for more details .
the new incorporation procedure and reserve directors ' index have been implemented on 11 july 2008 .
the competent local taxation bureau shall administer the tax collection according to the information in the archival filing form forwarded by the competent sat office .
please understand how serious and urgent it is for us to resolve this matter .
this law shall enter into force as of january 1 , 1995 .
a manager of a japanese company and a staff member of a chinese corporation hold a discussion on the loading port at beijing hotel .
you may choose tianjin as port of shipment .
we do n't think it 's proper to unload the chinese tea at london .
we 'd like to change the unloading port from tokyo to osaka .
you should offer good services in the verification collection of enterprise income tax .
any intoxicated person who commits a crime shall bear criminal responsibility .
i 'm sorry to tell you that we are unable to give you a definite date of shipment for the time being .
we assure you that shipment will be made no later than the first half of april .
i 'm terribly worried about late shipment .
the goods are all ready for shipment .
the bank shall , after going through the relevant formalities of payment , seal on the original of the table of archival filing .
no farmland occupation tax is imposed on the farmland occupied for farmland water conservancy projects .
article 3 the garden lot occupied for building buildings or for non-agriculture construction shall be regarded as farmland occupied and shall be subject to farmland occupation tax .
the farmland occupied by special highways and motor vehicle lanes in city areas shall be subject to farmland occupation tax at the applicable local tax rate .
for any farmland occupied without approval , the taxpayer shall be the actual land user .
this is our hope .
but when it comes to command of global markets , the u.s. owns the service sector .
gm ships about 60 % of its cars and trucks with ryder , while chrysler ships some 40 % .
not so the producers , whose income is directly related to the fluctuating daily price on the london metal exchange .
value-added tax for the chinese-foreign co-operative exploitation of offshore oil and natural gas shall be collected in kind .
these provisions shall enter into force on july 1 , 1993 .
article 18 article 10 of these provisions shall , by analogy , apply to the establishment of a book publishing group .
Àý : measured against the currencies of the major industrial countries , the dollar is likely to hover about where it is for several calendar quarters at least .
the july trade deficit widened further to $ 11.56billion , from $ $ 11.3billion in june .
the present provisions shall come into force as of january 1 , 1993 .
article 11 the validity term for professional qualification registration shall be three years , and the registration shall be renewed every three years .
please bring it back when you deposit or withdraw money any time you like .
i think i 'd like a deposit account .
how much does each account cost ?
( 4 ) we have received your l/c no. 111 covering the above -mentioned contract .
( 5 ) we find that the amount of your l/c is insufficient , because the premiums for dark and special colors are not included therein .
the importers have the right to reinspect the goods after their arrival .
our certificates are made valid by means of the official seal and personal chop of the commissioner .
we have the best surveyor , china import and export commodity inspection bureau .
we shall be most grateful if you will introduce him to reliable manufacturers and give him any help or advice he may need .
mark thought , " i 've travelled in a big plane several times , but i 've never been in a small one , so i 'll go .
mr. johnson had heard that the most dangerous part of a flight were the take-off and the landing , so he was extremely frightened and closed his eyes .
when he looked up at the wall , he found the fly was there again !
when a waitress discovered what had happened , she showed deep sympathy for him and decided to do him a favour .
so the next morning when he was out taking a walk in the roof garden , she hammered a nail exactly where the fly had stayed .
" you just shut that door , please , " called the guard , " and i 'll see to the rest .
( 3 ) if there are no room available for the above period , please inform me asap as i must look for another hotel .
( 4 ) i would like to book a flight to paris on january 8 on air france , first class and round trip .
" but , monsieur , c stands for chaude - french for hot .
he liked sitting beside a window when he was flying , so when he got on to the plane , he looked for a window seat .
he went to see his doctor , who prescribed some extra-strong sleeping pills .
sunday night bob took the pills , slept well and was awake before he heard the alarm .
subject : welcome to blue sky parkdear sir or madam , a day out at blue sky park is a real treat for the whole family !
" oh yes , in fact that 's why we 're here , " she replied .
one winter morning , an employee explained why he had shown up for work 45 minutes late .
three famous surgeons were bragging about their skills .
today that man is seated in united states senate .
( 3 ) how long does your offer remain valid/firm/open ?
" said the man .
then one night , the suspicious-looking fellow happened to stop by for a drink .
" before the store opened , " countered the prisoner .
the fried-chicken restaurant where i was working had a big rush just before closing one day , leaving us with nothing to sell but wings .
china has systematically selected essential medicines twice , and adjusted the list of essential medicines four times .
by the end of 2007 , a total of 150,000 people in china had obtained pharmacist 's qualifications .
- promoting good laboratory practice ( glp ) certification for non-clinical drug research .
gcp certification has greatly improved the quality of drug clinical trials in china .
china implements a registration system for medical devices . registration review includes product tests , clinical trials and on-site inspection of product quality management system .
for domestic class iii medical devices and all classes of overseas medical devices , technical review for registration are carried out by the state evaluation institutions .
the drug administration departments conduct on-the-spot inspections of enterprises which have applied for gap certification .
since 2004 , gmp ( good manufacturing practice ) certification has been introduced , facilitating the modernization of prepared slices of chinese crude drugs .
by the end of 2007 , a total of 343 enterprises had passed gmp certification .
and from january 1 , 2008 , all enterprises involved in processing prepared slices of chinese crude drugs must comply with the gmp requirements .
the year 2004 saw the attainment of the goals for the manufacturing of chemical drug substances and all drug preparations according to gmp standards .
selling secondhand books at our church bazaar , i got into an argument with a prospective customer .
a woman who frequented a small antique shop rarely purchase anything , but always found fault with the merchandise and prices .
three competing store owners rented adjoining shops in a mall .
" and " super bargains !
" and " fantastic discounts !
a . i think that the price of your products is on high side .
c. to have this business concluded , you need to lower your price at least by 10 percent , i believe .
in the legislative process , we uphold democracy , pool the people 's wisdom and reflect the people 's will .
the legislation law prescribes that deprivation of any citizen 's political rights can only be done in accordance with the law .
law of the people 's republic of china on the education of national defense ( 2001 )
as early as in the 21st century bc , consuetudinary law appeared in china 's slave society .
entering the 21st century , china is continuing this undertaking .
in response to the demands of building a socialist market economy , the state has been strengthening economic legislation and improving macro-control .
- legal safeguard of the right to personal freedom and dignity .
second , the system of administrative expropriation and administrative requisition for use .
any administrative penalty that is not imposed in accordance with the law or legal procedures shall be invalid .
nationality law of the people 's republic of china ( 1980 )
general principles of the civil law of the people 's republic of china ( 1986 )
law of the people 's republic of china on the conservation of water and top soil ( 1991 )
legal systems of respecting and safeguarding human rights
starting from the latter part of 2006 , all death penalty cases of second instance are tried publicly .
it is the duty of the people 's procuratorates to ensure justice and the proper enforcement of law .
people 's procuratorates at all levels establish procuratorial committees to discuss and decide major cases and other issues of importance under the guidance of the chief procurator .
law of the people 's republic of china on industrial enterprises owned by the whole people ( 1988 )
the squad were having " visual training " .
" right ; but how do you know there 's a sergeant there ?
please confirm the order and e-mail a shipping schedule .
if successful , we will give you large orders in the future .
it will urge government bodies to save more energy , giving full play to the role of the government in leading energy conservation .
china gives impetus to the technological progress of the equipment manufacturing industry through key state projects .
the price mechanism is the core of the market mechanism .
to safeguard world energy security , china holds that the international community should make efforts mainly in the following three aspects :
the international community should strive to develop and popularize energy conservation technology , promote the comprehensive utilization of energy , and encourage each country to improve energy efficiency .
energy is an essential material basis for human survival and development .
china has a large population , resulting in a low per-capita average of energy resources in the world .
-- energetically fighting ecological destruction and environmental pollution .
china practices unified power dispatch , hierarchical power management and operation of power grids by regions .
-- advancing price mechanism reform .
energy conservation and diversification is a long-range plan for global energy security .
china will further actively develop rural household methane and make better use of biomass and solar energy , so as to provide clean energy for the rural people .
guns were firing , and shells and bullets were flying about everywhere .
the major roles of cppcc members from democratic parties are as follows :
the present chairwoman is he luli. the rcck currently has branches in 30 provinces , autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the central government .
this system was established and has been developed during the long-term practice of the chinese revolution , construction and reform .
-- carrying out thorough investigation and research , and actively proffering ideas and suggestions .
-- strengthening international connections and engaging in exchanges .
its present members are mainly senior and leading intellectuals in the fields of culture , education and publishing .
its present chairman is jiang zhenghua .
its present chairman is luo haocai .
its members are mainly senior and leading intellectuals in the fields of science and technology .
its present chairman is han qide .
the present chairwoman is lin wenyi .
personages without party affiliation during the new democratic revolution ( 1919-1949 ) , the famous personages without party affiliation were generally called prominent public figures .
the political party system is an important component of modern democratic politics .
all these have won high praise from the general public .
" really , " i said with surprise , wondering why we had not ordered such a tool .
" it 's called a soldier .
he was rescued by a deck hand .
" asked the dispatcher .
three , the structure of products is being improved to cater to the increasingly diverse demands of consumers .
hazard-free , green and organic products make up 90 percent of all agricultural-product exports .
the government continuously strengthens its supervision of certificated products and enterprises , and increases the authoritativeness and effectiveness of certification .
actively participating in international activities regarding food safetythe chinese government has always been a keen advocator of and participant in international food safety activities .
for instance , the sino-japanese cooperative mechanism plays a key role in ensuring the safety of chinese food exported to japan .
the mainland of china is a major supplier of food for the hong kong special administrative region .
the chinese government stresses food safety from the source , improvement of the related basic regulatory systems , and strengthening of food safety supervision .
" your wife is n't demanding that your future inheritances be included in the settlement .
" and the bad news ?
eventually , a painter approaches who is confident he can mix the proper color .
then the second-place man sliced a fly into quarters .
" do you actually put your head in the lion 's mouth ?
" daddy , who won the golf game ?
" uncle richie and i do n't play golf to win , " my husband hedged .
" we just play to have fun .
i tried to gain his confidence - i took him to the nearest ice-cream stand and bought him a cone .
i felt stupid ; it 's humiliating to say you 've lost a lost child .
" asked one of the men .
a young mother believed that it was very wrong to waste any food when there were so many hungry people in the world .
first she gave her a slice of fresh brown bread and butter , but the child said that she did not want it like that .
we think you may not have received the statement of account we sent you on 30th august showing the balance of us $ 80,000 you owe .
bill is a good student and an intelligent boy .
" he asked the store .
they took him to specialists , but the doctors found nothing wrong with him .
" shouted his mother .
but why has it taked this long ?
we regret to inform you that 10 cartons were delivered damaged and the contents had spilled , leading to some losses .
" that 's very clever , " everyone said , " nobody else does that !
: gt x a. please inform us on what terms this insurance can be arranged .
a couple walking in the park noticed a young man and woman sitting on a bench , passionately kissing .
" why do n't you do that ?
henry : indeed it has .
see you there tomorrow ?
professor laurie of glasgow put his notice on his door : " professor laurie will not meet his classes today .
my friend amiled and show him the paper .
i 'm lucky to be having these wonderful experiences !
he came home all smiles .
since stephen is not very talkative , i asked , " what did you say to them ?
and sally jones from photography wants to discuss the easter campaign .
gail : the earliest slot available is in two days .
while you 're at it , make an appointment with the client after the meeting with sally .
gerry : hmm , yes , that 's a key issue we still have to resolve .
the design 's available .
" the italian shrugged his shoulders .
two days later he received a response : " pop prepared .
they can also make enquiries by e-mail through the internet .
the equipment expenses mainly cover research on , experimentation with , and procurement , maintenance , transportation and storage of weaponry and equipment .
the auditing offices of the state and the pla conduct strict supervision of the defense budget .
in october , china hosted the second international congress of asean and china on cooperative operations in response to dangerous drugs .
china has made sound preparations for implementing the comprehensive test ban treaty ( ctbt ) .
" china and japan have held 42 rounds of bilateral consultations to accelerate the destruction of the chemical weapons abandoned by japan in china .
china and russia hold regular high-level military exchanges , and the general staff headquarters of the two countries have held the ninth and tenth rounds of strategic consultations .
balancing developments in both domestic and international situations , it is well prepared to respond to complexities in the international security environment .
management system of military cadres
it promotes standardized and institutional logistical management by exploitation of it and uniformly standardizes its facility configurations , work procedures , operating mechanisms and management requirements .
the surveying of the two sites for two infrasound stations in beijing and kunming has been completed , and construction is scheduled to start soon .
the china national data center and the beijing radionuclide laboratory have been built , and are now in trial operation .
china continues to take an active part in international demining operations .
china and the us maintain in-depth exchanges through institutionalized defense consultations and maritime military security consultations .
civil air defensethe cad expenses are born by the state and the public .
the state has promulgated the civil air defense law , and the people 's governments at various levels have formulated and improved corresponding cad rules and regulations .
leslie : how are you this afternoon ?
leslie : we could ship your order within ten days of receiving your payment .
1 ive come to make sure that your stay in beijing is a pleasant one .
29 then we could look at the production line .
50 the purpose of my coming here is to inquire about possibilities of establishing trade relations with your company .
80 by the way , before leaving this subject , i would like to add a few comments .
84 could you consider accepting our counterproposal ?
and local legal assistance and service agencies give top priority and preferential treatment to seniors .
in china , the task of solving problems concerning elderly people and continuously promoting the development of undertakings for the aged remains an arduous one .
the state also encourages the development of old-age insurance attached to personal savings deposits ; and guarantees the livelihood of elderly people through multiple channels .
china pays much attention to the development of cultural education for the aged in order to enrich their cultural life and satisfy their needs in this regard .
the state has made positive efforts to provide spiritual and cultural products suitable for senior citizens .
mass recreational organizations of elderly people in both urban and rural areas are growing rapidly , forming the backbone of elderly people 's cultural activities .
the state attaches importance to protecting elderly people 's right to education , and has increased financial support for such endeavors .
today , an educational system for elderly people that is multi-level , multi-form and multi-disciplinary with different lengths of schooling has taken initial shape .
in rural areas , governments encourage people in their 60s to engage in farming , aquaculture and processing activities .
in 2005 , more than 30,000 seniors received judicial assistance .
grassroots people 's mediation organizations in both urban and rural areas are playing a significant role in settling disputes concerning senior citizens and protecting their rights and interests .
by letters and visits , senior citizens protect their rights and air their opinions and advice .
in 2005 , agencies on ageing around china handled altogether nearly 400,000 letters and visits from senior citizens .
97 would you care to answer my question on the warranty ?
105 actually , my interest was directed more towards what particular markets you foresee for our product .
we have many enquiries for the under-mentioned goods .
any increase or decrease in the freight after the date of sale shall be for the buyer 's account .
we enclosed a copy of our price list .
it is the lowest price that we can offer you now .
we do n't think we could cut our price to that extent as required .
there are a few points which i 'd like to bring up concerning the contract .
we have been engaged in this business for the past 20 years .
our company is well-established and reliable .
how about come to my office ?
we may be a little late but please wait for us .
would you please tell andrew i have to postpone our meeting ?
trade proposal 5 .
your bicycles find a ready market here 6 .
they talked over at great length the matter of how to increase the sale of your products 7 .
they are doing their utmost to open up an outlet 9 .
how long do you need for approval of my loan ?
b : no , i don 't .
b : thank you for your time .
however , we would like to negotiate the price first .
they were very interested and they would like to offer two million eight hundred thousand dollars for your consideration .
please see how that sits with the vendor , mr. wang .
b : i think that is a bit too low for me .
to improve the scientific management of space activities .
china 's space industry has made great progress since the chinese government issued the white paper china 's space activities in 2000 .
to muster superior forces to make leapfrogging development in space science and technology by making breakthroughs in core technologies and resources integration .
to promote the building of a space technology innovation system .
to actively construct a space technology innovation system integrating production , education and research with space science and technology enterprises and national scientific research institutes at the core .
to strengthen legislation work .
china and the esa have carried out the sino-esa double star satellite exploration of the earth 's space plan .
prevention and control of industrial pollutionprevention and control of industrial pollution is the focal point of china 's environmental protection endeavors .
improving policies concerning environment-related fee collection .
the tax rebate policies for exported products , including iron and steel , electrolytic aluminum and iron alloy , have been annulled or reduced in group form .
ecological protection and construction
formulating price and tax policies favorable to environmental protection .
a mechanism to share fees for renewable energy resources has been established .
peaceful development is the inevitable way for china 's modernizationto achieve peaceful development is a sincere hope and unremitting pursuit of the chinese people .
- promoting scientific and technological progress and strengthening the ability of independent innovation .
china 's foreign trade is mutually supplementary with many countries .
all countries should join hands to respond to threats against world security .
we should endeavor to preserve the diversity of civilizations and development patterns , and jointly build a harmonious world where all civilizations coexist and accommodate one another .
the boundary issues with india and bhutan are in the process of being settled .
" as for the iraq issue , china advocates seeking a political solution within the un framework , and is making great efforts in this regard .
the wealth gap between north and south continues to widen . people in some countries are still being denied the basic right to subsistence , and even survival .
the 21st century has opened up bright prospects , and human society is developing at an unprecedented rate .
china considers energy saving one of its basic state policies . china is not only a big energy consuming country , but also a big energy producing one .
the foreign capital china brings in makes up for the inadequacy of capital for development .
today , the mainstream of international trade is to share successes , with all as winners .
china , together with other wto members , has done a lot of work to spur substantial progress to reach early agreement among the negotiators .
trade conflicts are quite natural in international economic exchanges .
china backs up un reform , and firmly helps safeguard its long-term interests and the common interests of its members .
the ratio in competitive elections has been raised appropriately and the scope of direct elections of leaders of grassroots party organizations has been gradually expanded .
- establishing and improving the mechanism of inner-party supervision .
the therapeutic effects were evaluated according to the criteria of who for anti-cancer drugs .
high-dose chemotherapy with autologous peripheral blood stem-cell support is an effective method to be chosen for failure to respond to conventional chemotherapy in advanced solid tumors .
to study the clinical features , treatment principles and therapeutic effect of carcinoma of tongue .
two hundred ninety-six cases of carcinoma of tongue treated from 1975 to 1998 were analysed retrospectively .
the peak age of patients was 40 ~ 59 years ( 67.15 % ) , and it usually involved the lateral margin of the tongue .
ulceration was the common type.59.46 % of the patients were in mediatedadvanced stage .
the effective rate of induced chemotherapy before surgery was 70.5 % and 5-year survival rate 76.38 % .
in application of functional surgical techniques , a cosmetological and well functional purposes could be achieved .
to evaluate the ten-year results of radiotherapy for nasopharyngeal cancer ( npc ) and the influencing factors .
higher survival rate can be achieved in early and up-type patients , and the optimal dose of the primary focus is 70 ~ 80gy .
to study the correlation between preoperative intensive chemotherapy , surgical operation and the prognosis in stage iii , iv neuroblastomas .
the mean survival term was 21 months and 4 of them had tumorfree interval for 3 ~ 4 years .
to improve the curative effect of hypopharyngeal cancer . the clinical characteristics and therapeutic effect were analyzed .
to study the efficacy and the toxicity of combination chemotherapy including epirubicin , leucovorin , 5-fluorouracil , cisplatin for metastatic gastric carcinoma .
to observe the efficiency of the acupuncture on the asthenopia caused by the convergence insufficiency .
the symptoms , fusion extent and ac / a ratio were compared between two groups .
the symptoms of 16 patients disappeared , 30 patients were improved partially and 5 patients were not changed in the acupuncture group .
the symptoms of eleven patients were partially relieved and 15 patients were not changed in control group .
there was not a significant difference in the fusion extent and ac / a ratio of two groups before treatment ( p > 0.05 ) .
after the treatment there was a significant difference for fusion extent and ac / a ratio compared with pretreatment in acupuncture group ( p < 0.01 ) .
the improvement of fusion extent and ac / a ratio were more obvious in acupuncture group than the control group .
the results confirmed that the acupuncture was one of effective methods in treatment of asthenopia caused by the convergence insufficiency .
to investigate the effect of hirudin on inhibition in a formation of experimental proliferative vitreoretinopathy ( pvr ) .
the models of rabbits eye with experimental vitreous hemorrhage were prepared through injection of blood into vitreous cavities .
histopathalogic characteristics of the vitreous and the retina were examined by light microscopy at various times in the hirudin group and control group .
hirudin could inhibit pvr and protect retina .
to investigate the effective methods in treatment of acute retinal necrosis ( arn ) at various period .
visual acuity of 28 eyes ( 80 % ) with arn were improved after treatment
early and appropriate application of acv , combined with traditional chinese medicine , laser photocoagulation and preventive vitractomy are very important in treatment of arn at acute period .
vitroretinal surgery is one of effective method on maintain visual functions of the patients with late stage arn .
posterior sclera reinforcement was performed in two groups .
in two groups the csf were evidently improved at 1 week and 3 months after operations compared with preoperative data
jinshi yihaowan could improve effect on posterior sclera reinforcement in csf of juvenile with high myopia .
to observe the efficacy of grid pattern photocoagulation combined with traditional chinese medicine on macular edema with branch retinal vein occlusion .
to evaluate the efficiency of laser on treatment of neovascular glaucoma .
successful rate of operation was 71 % and 63 % .
. some complications occurred in various degree in this patients .
one hundred and eighty five patients ( 283 eyes ) with dm were observed , including 90 eyes without dr and 193 eyes with dr.
course of disease , ratio of dr stage , visual acuity and tcm syndrome types were analyzed .
over 10 years there were more yinyangliangxu types .
the ratio of stages of dr and tcm syndrome types had a significant difference ( p < 0.01 ) in the patients .
loss of visual acuity is more severe in the patients with diabetic retinopathy as xeyuqizhi type .
ca2 + -mg2 + -atpase activity was significantly decreased , mg2 + content decreased and ca2 + increased in retinal tissue of diabetic rats .
the decrease of ca2 + -mg2 + -atpase activity in retinal tissue of diabetic rats could be one of pathologic basis in occurrence of diabetic retinopathy .
diabetic retinopathy ( dr ) may be deteriorated during pregnancy , and increasing severity of dr may adversely affect outcome of pregnancy .
many researches have showed the pathogenic mechanisms of ocular hypotension after vitreoretinal surgery by following factors : ( 1 ) reducing aqueous humor production ;
( 2 ) increasing aqueous humor flowing outside ;
here also discuss the traditional chinese medicine about chronic ocular hypotension after surgery .
to observe the effect of chinese herbs on treatment in patients with uveitis and the changes of immune functions .
okt4 , okt4 / okt8 , il-2 and igm were decreased after treatment in reduzhisheng type ( p < 0.05 or 0.01 ) .
anti-inflammation decoction i and ii could regulate immune functions for immunoenhancement and immunosuppression both .
to investigate the relationship between the functional changes of endothelioid and blood platelet and bianzhengfenxing ( ? ) in treatment of patients with retinitis pigmentosa ( rp ) .
forty-four patients with rp as pishengyangxu ( ? ) and 21 patients as ganshengyingxu ( ) accepted treatment according to bianzhengfenxing .
the difference was not statistical significance when sod of patients comparedwith txb2,6-k-pgf1 and t/k .
the functional changes of endothelioid and blood platelet could be relational with bianzhengfenxing .
to observe the curative effect of injection huangqi ( ) combined with interleukin-2 in treatment of recurrent herpes simplex keratitis .
the average of follow up period was 2 years in the some of the patients .
there were 64 eyes recovered ( 82 % ) in the observation group and 27 eyes recovered ( 38 % ) in control group .
one eyes recurred among 35 eyes of followed up in observation group and 8 of 17 eyes followed up recurred in the control group .
injection huangqi combined with interleukin-2 may improve curing effect and reduce recurrence rate in the treatment of recurrent herpes simplex keratitis .
to investigate the clinical effect and opportunity of operation of vitrectomy combined with argon laser coagulation in treatment of eales disease .
the effect of vitrectomy combined with argon laser coagulation was definite in treatment of eales disease , which can improve visual acuity and prevent postoperative retinal hemorrhage .
a recent research actuality on smoking correlated with senile cataract , age-related macular degeneration , and other eye diseases was reviewed .
safr could be scavenged by lt and its effect was stronger than ascorbic acid , and better than mannitol for hfr .
to investigate mechanism of chromatopsia in the patients with amblyopia according to discoverable characteristic .
the panel d-15 test and yuziping color visual test chart were applied in 41 patients with unilateral amblyopia and color sensation of the patients were examined .
it is very important for maintenance of color sensation to treat amblyopia early in practice .
to provide reference on clinical diagnosis and treatment papers concerning the diagnosis and treatment of central exudative chorioretinitis combined with traditional chinese medicine were reviewed in the article .
to evaluate the activity of protein kinase c ( pkc ) in experimental retinal detachment ( rd ) treated with acupuncture .
one hundred and ninety-six adult patients with optic atrophy were classified according to frequency of different causes .
effect of integrated treatment by traditional chinese medicine was evaluated .
the efficacious rate of the ischemic diseases was the highest ( 66.6 % ) , and the lowest was hereditary leber opticatrophy ( 18.7 % ) .
the total efficacious rate was 46.6 % in 196 patients .
primary cause of adult optic atrophy is trauma .
integrated traditional chinese medicine therapy is significant in treatment of adult optic atrophy .
to evaluate the methods and effects of phacoemulsification and intraocular lens implantation combined with trabeculectomy .
practical data from 55 patients ( 62 eyes ) with cataract and glaucoma were analyzed . they were treaded with phacoemulsification and intraocular lens implantation combined with trabeculectomy .
the corrected visual acuity of 36 eyes ( 58.1 % ) was 0.5 or more among 62 eyes .
the intraocular pressure of 54 eyes ( 87.1 % ) was decreased to 18 mmhg or lower , and corneal edema occurred in 11 eyes after surgery .
phacoemulsification and intraocular lens implantation combined with trabeculectomy were available in treatment of patients with cataract combined with glaucoma .
a current information on pathologic research of high myopia was summarized , and an advance of treatment was reviewed .
to investigate the protective effects of silymarin and anisodamine on growth inhibition and dna decrease induced by glycosylation products for bovine retinal capillary pericytes .
anisodamine can not protect pericytes against the proliferative inhibition and dna decrease by egpa-induced or by agepa-induced .
to investigate the protective effect of compound injection salvia miltiorrhiza retrobulbar injection in retinal ischemia reperfusion ( rir ) applied by retrobulbar injection .
their elctroretinography ( erg ) and light microscopy observation were performed at 30 minutes , 24 hours or 72 hours in 60 minutes when ischemia had been persisted .
the amplitudes of standardization b-wave was higher in the defended group than in the control group ( p < 0.01 ) .
the histopathologic damages of retina were not severe in the defend group than in the control group .
retrobulbar injection of compound injection salvia miltiorrhiza may be effect on protection from retinal damages induced by rir .
to investigate the effect of traditional chinese medicine for bushenhuoxue ( ? ) therapy on the pathological damages of the diabetic rats retinal ganglion cells .
the animal model of diabetes was introduced by streptozotocin .
the nissl bodies in the retinal ganglion cells were measured and analyzed quantitatively using computer image analysis system .
traditional chinese medicine for bushenhuoxue could alleviate the pathological damages of retinal ganglion cells in experimental diabetic rats .
to study the influence of the traditional chinese medicine for xuexu ( ? ) ; therapy on retinal pathologic changes in the experimental rats with xuexu syndrome .
except for the normal group , experimental xuexu syndromes were occurred in other 4 groups by acetphenylhydrazine ( aph ) .
any retina pathologic change did not be found in the prevention group .
to investigate the changes of the multifocal electroretinogram in the patients with diabetic retinopathy .
the data measured were compared among 4 syndromes and the differences were significant between them ( p < 0.05 or p < 0.01 ) .
it was more obvious in the patients with ganyuqizhi syndrome , and in gandanhuewang syndrome , ganweixuihan syndrome , and yingxuiyangkang syndrome it took second places .
content of et and pacg were close relationship . content of et was significant different in each glaucoma groups .
to observe the curative effects of yuxingcao ( ) eye drops in the treatment of epidemic keratoconjunctivitis .
one hundredand four patients ( 165 eyes ) were treated with yuxingcao eye drops in the treated group .
sixty patients ( 99 eyes ) treated with 4 % moroxydine ( abob ) eye drops in the control group .
the period of treatment was 10 days in the two groups .
ratio of cured cases was 85.5 % in the treated group and was 49.5 % in the control group , 2 = 39.6613 , p <
the difference was significant obviously between two groups .
yuxingcao eye drops is effective obviously in the treatment of epidemic keratoconjunctivitis .
to evaluate the causes of visual loss in the patients with diabetic retinopathy ( dr ) .
an average level of hemoglobin and cholesterol was higher in the patients with visual loss than without visual loss ( p < 0.01 or p < 0.001 ) .
the visual loss was obviously interrelated with vitreous hemorrhage , macular edema , and macular damages of retinal pigment epithelium ( p < 0.01 ) .
visual loss could occur in the process of treatment of dr.
to observe clinical outcome for treatment of neovascular glaucoma .
photocoagulation , cryocoagulation , and trabeculectomy were effective for treatment in most of neovascular glaucoma .
the inhibitory activity of the total soluble proteius of e.coli : dh5 toward thrombin was evaluated by using a chromogenic thrombin substrate .
the experimental cerebral hemorrhage model had been erected , and the effects of nxst on cerebral edema and lipid peroxidation in rats had been explored .
the mda content were significantly higher and the sod activity were significantly lower ( p < 0.01 ) in the model group .
to observe expression of gastrin receptors of spleen insufficiency in rats and regulation of traditional chinese medicines .
the number of gastrin receptors of gastric mucosal membrane preparations in rat were determined with radioligand binding assay .
the gastrin binding sites of spleen insufficiency induced by reserpinum or redix et rhizoma rhei markedly dropped in rat gastric mucosal .
it was further found that injectio astragali s eu hedysari promoted the gastrin binding at 0.75 and 1.00 mg / ml in vitro .
in recent years research development was biggish on etiology , diagnosis and treatment of ophthalmoplegic migraine .
the period of treatment was shortened because corticoid was applied , and the curative effect was stable because the application of traditional chinese medicine .
a review and comprehend of current situation on treatment of herpes simplex keratitis by external therapeutics of traditional chinese medicine . a program of farther research put forward .
objctive : to explore the mechnism of realgar in the treatment of acute promyelocytic leukemia ( apl ) .
renalgar induced apopotsis of nb4 cells without changing in expression of bcl-2 at early stage .
to study mechanism of xinfukang treitment conjestive heart failure .
xinfukang oral liquid cound prohibit orf and protect ultrastructure and plasma membrane permeability in cardiac cell .
effect of chinese herb ( kbk ) was observed by concerntration of camp and cgmp of the sciatic nerve in the diabetic rats .
there was no significant difference between nd and kbk groups .
the kbk may prevent the decrease of the contents of camp and cgmp of the diabetic sciatic nerve .
in order to study the mechanism of effect of yiqi dingchuan decoction on asthma .
showed that morphological structure of myocardium changed obviously , including hemorrhage , denaturization and oven-necrolysis , inflammatory cell soakage of myocardium after ischemia 3 hours .
to observe changes of microcirculation flow on cerebral cortical regions of different temperature with electric acupuncture ( ea ) .
to study effect of treatment of the prescription for warming and recuperating the kidney-yang on osteoporosis .
the prescription for warming and recuperating the kidney-yang can treat ostoporosis .
ageing is the inevitable course of human evolution while aged diseases occur .
imformation show that the rate of aged diseases occuring is positive relationship to the degree of ageing . ageing is the basis of aged diseases .
insufficiency of qi and xue is the basis of ageing and pathology of aged diseases occuring .
phlegm and blood stasis are the inevitabe product of ageing and also the important factors leading to aged diseases occuring .
aged diseases will be prevented or reduced by psychological regulation and equitable food and dringing and appvopriate medicine taking .
the level of immunohistochemical stainning intensive indexes ( sii ) of c-fos were anlayzed by immunohistochemical method .
the levels of sbp , lvw / bw and sii in shrurh group were significantly lower than those of shr control group .
to study the measurementize standard of macroscopic differentiation of symptoms and signs to phlegm syndrome of cerdio-carebral vascular disease .
the major differentiative indicators of phlegm syndrome are coughing out sputum , greasy fur and slippery pulse .
the secondary indicators are sputum obstruction on throat , dizziness , lethargy , obesity , dry mouth while unlike drinking water , nausea and vomiting .
retrospective test result of macroscopic differentiation showed that the sensitivity , specificity and accuracy were 0.908,0.983,0.949 respectively .
to evaluate the effect of chinese herb hong hua and huang qi on vertigo after cerebral stroke .
thirty patients suffering from vertigo after cerebral stroke treated with hong hua and huang qi injections .
these finding suggest that hong hua and huang qi injections used together can increased cerebral blood supplying , improved blood circulation , encouraged cerebral cell metabolism .
the concept of qi in tcm has at least three different meanings .
the results showed cfs animal model appear the -adrenergic receptor concentration decreased and xiaopiyishen have a certain regulating function to the changes .
the study suggested the relationship between cfs and neuro-endocrine-immune net associate closely .
to explore the mechanism of reduqing ( rdq ) in treating endotoxemia .
rdq has the inhibitory effect on the production of tnf induced by endotoxin .
to study the effects of di-gan-oral-liquid ( dgol ) on quantity of wbc and medullary praliferative function in the lower wbc model .
dgol could obviously increase the quantity of wbc and enhance the proliferative function of bone merrow in the lower wbc model mice .
dxr could obviously antagonize arrhythmias induced by ischemia and reperfusion . this effect has relationship to the elevated no level in hearts .
investigating the effects of bushen xingnao jiedu fang on expressions of ngf and bdnf in rat brain after infection of herpes simplex virus type 1 ( hsv-1 ) .
to observe the effect of shenshu-geshu-baihui electropuncture on cerebral ischemia , cerebral anoxia and cerebral edema of synthetic vascular dementia mouse .
for the investigation of antitumous effect of artemisia capillaris thunb ( act ) .
to observe the effect of yishou tiaozhi table t on antis tress function in mice and toxicoligical experiments .
pathomorphological examination showed that pathological change was not obvious .
yishou tiaozhi tablet can significantly increase the antistress function in mic e. it is a secure medicine .
to explore the therapeutic mechanism of compound jiunaoning injection on hemorrhagic apoplexy .
to explore the mechanism of reduqing ( rdq ) in treating endotoxemia .
rdq has the inhibitory effect on the production of tnf induced by endotoxin .
to observe protective effects of " xiaoketing " capsule on insula b cells subjected to injuries and its mechanism .
and there were neogenetic cells and capillaries in the insulea of rats treated by middle or low dose of " xiaoketing " capsule .
" xiaoketing " capsule has both preventive effeot to apo ptosis of insula b cells and promoting effect to regenesis of insula b cells .
yi-sui-ling can induce the apoptosis of leukemia.cells even in animal 's body , which is the key mechanism of yi-sui-ling curing leukemia .
the cell morphology , proliferation , apoptosis , afp and a1b secretion , the intracellular camp content , p53 and p21-ras protein were observed .
to explore the mechanism of bu shen ding ch ua n tang ( bsdct ) on preventing and treating asthma .
the bsdct has obvious effect on the -ar camp of the lung tissue and lung function in asthmatic rats as glucocorticoid has .
to observe the effects of huangqi ( astragalus membrance us ) on cardiovascular system of mitral regurgitation dogs and evaluate its value in treatment of heart failure .
the pattern of compound is widely and dominantly used in clinical medicines of traditional chinese medical therapeutics .
purpose to study change of neuron apoptosis induced and cell cycle by hypoxia / hypoglycemia on sh-sy5y .
hypoxia / hypoglycemia of sh-sy5y cell cultures for 8h to induce typical apoptotic changes .
hypoxia / hypoglycemia induced apoptosis and changed cell cycle in sh-sy5y cells .
apoptosis was positively correlated with anoxia . ap second peak was negative correlated with s and g2 period .
aims : to study the tonify-effect of puli liquid .
it has effect in tonify-kidney , and anti-tired
to study the effect of jiebaiyou oral liquid on behavior and central monoamine neurotransmitters in depression rats .
we detected the increased weight , sweet water wastage and crossing score , rearing score of rat by open-field test at the stated time ;
determined the content of ne , da , 5-ht and 5-hiaa of animals ' brain by fluorometry .
at the same time the content of central neurotransmitters ( ne , da , 5-ht and 5-hiaa ) of the depression model rats was lowered obviously .
and jiebaiyou oral liquid could obviously increase the content of central neurotransmitters of the depression model rats .
this model was the better resembling depression of disease model ; jiebaiyou oral liquid could obviously improve all the symptom of the depressive model .
to explore the effect and mechanism of qingre lishi tongluo principle ( qrlstlp ) in treating active ankylosing spondylitis ( as ) .
the pathogeny and pathology of active as were analyzed by theory of tcm and compared with unactive as .
laboratory findings showed that esr , crp and iga , il-6 levels were higher in active as than unactive as .
qrlstlp has effects of anti-inflammation , analgesic , immunoregulation , inflammation mediator inhibition and hemorrheology improvement . the qrlstlp is a significant effective method for treating active as .
the pressures are related to thevarities of threedimensional movements of zjcs .
both c5 ~ c6 and c4 ~ c5 segements are easy to result in osteophyma ofzjcs .
yg could antagonis the inhibition of hpa axis and alter the disordered sex homone .
lm could antagonis the inhibition of hpa axis anddisturb the level of sex hormone .
both yg and lm could prevent steroid-induced anfh and their treatmenteffect were similar .
the manipulations for warming and recuperating the kidney could preventsteroid induced anfh and their treatment effect were similar .
thrity-four cases were followed up with aaverage of 13 months .
( 2 ) experimental study : 56 adult rabbits weredivided into two groups randomly .
the normal control group was 16 rabbits and the glucocorticoid-modelgroup was 40 rabbits which were divided two groups , ie , treated group and modelcontrol group .
the study comfirmed that intercurrent treatment has a remarkable effect to anfh in ficat stage 1 ~ 2 .
62 cases of knee osteoarthritis were randomized divided into 2 groups .
o_ne group ( 32cases ) recived shuling capsules and the other ( 30 cases ) viartril s.
the two groups were evaluated by kneefunction measurement score at 2 and 4 weeks after treatment . the scores were analyzied by statistics medth-ods .
in shuling capsules group , the clinical ef-fect rate was 84.4 % and viartril-s group was 76.7_ % __ ( x_2 test , p > 0.2 ) .
there was no severe side effect inboth groups .
shengsuiyin 1 can improve the clinical symptoms of osteoporosis , inhibit the bone losing andpromote the bone forming at some degree .
motor function assessment after trauma , spinal cord evoked potential ( scep ) and pathology in spinal cord tissue were inspected .
there were significant differences be-tween oxygenated compound liquid group and control one ( p < 0.01 ) in motor function assessment and scepparameters .
morphologic findings of ocl group revcaled slight degeneration and necrosis ingray and whitematter .
to find out the medicinal plant resources of heizhu ravine in ebian county and put forward some principles and measures for their sustainable utilization .
on-the-spot investigation and sample measuring , calculating , visiting and assessing .
in the different periods of in vitro cultivation , the explants were obtained and their sections observed .
when the adventitiousbuds began to differenciate , aqueous solution was applied for polyploid induction .
the adventitious buds were mainly externally originated and thus fit for polyploid induction .
the most appropriate period for induction was around the 38th day of cultivation .
induction treatment can be used as an effective biotechnological approach to adventitious buds in the process of tissue cultivation .
to trace the effects of various microfertilizers on the growth and accumulation of total alkaloid in leonurus artemisia .
the total alkaloid was determined by spectrophotometry .
application of mn-fertilizer of standard concentration is very important for cultivating l.artemisia of excellent quality and high output .
processing temperature , yellow wine and vinegar could stimulate the content change of chemical constituents in ta , influencing flavonoids and polysaccharides in different degrees .
to qualitatively recognize the omitted ingredients in liuwei dihuang pills by bayesian analysis and prima .
bayesian analysis and prima analysis can be used to classify and recognize the omitted ingredients in liuwei dihuang pills .
to investigate the characteristics of transdermal absorption of radix angelieae sinensis and its compound formula .
using valia-chien diffusion cell in vitro , and hplc to determine the content of ferulic acid ( fa ) .
the pc of the compound formula is greeater than that of the compatibility ( p < 0.01 ) .
the transdermal absoption of a monomer or a single drug could not fully mirror the absorption of a compound formula .
to investigate the chemical constituents from the root of phlomis mongolica .
to study the constituents from sophora flavescens .
separating the constituents by means of chromatography and identifing their structures on the basis of spectral analysis .
the five compounds obtained were identified as sucrose , lignoceric acid , -sitosterol , sinapic acid hexadecyl ester and umbelliferon .
sinapic acid hexadecyl ester is a new compound . these compounds were obtained from the plant for the first time .
to study the chemical compositions of the root and stem of patrinia scabiasaefolia .
these compounds were obtained from the plant of p. scabiasaefolia for the first time .
cell culture and radio-immunological assay of camp were used .
the immunopotentiating effect of glb7 may be due to the activation of macrophages that leads to the increase of camp .
" shijianchuan " should be " guizhencao " ( bidens bipinata ) of compositae family instead of " huashuweicao " ( salvia chinensis ) of labiatae family .
dsserting toxicity and reasonable usage of chinese traditional medicines .
analysing the understanding of toxicity of chinese traditional mesicines in chinese medicine and pharmacology and the reason for ascension of the case poisoned by chinese traditional medicines .
and conclusion : all medicines are poisonous .
the venomous drug can cure disease when i t is reasonably applied .
to summarize the research advances and 13 c nmr features of triterpenoid compounds in the plant of prunella genus .
consulting relatied literatures and summing up the triterpenoid compounds and their features of 13 c nmr spectra .
the 13 c nmr spectra of different triterpenoids showed different features in respects such as skeletons , substituent groups and positions .
to investigate the relations of the productivity stability of to the homogenization of ginkgo biloba cells by single cell clones .
using plant single cell plate culture technique .
to probe into the occuring and developing regularities regularities of black spot on panax notoginseng for disease control .
after artificial inoculation , observation and analysis on the planting plots were conducted regularly .
wiping out the infection centre and sources are the major effective means for control of black spot on p.notoginseng
to investigate the non-anthraquinones from the root and rootstock of rheum officinale .
compounds rheosmine and d-sorbitol were obtained from the genus rheum for the first time .
to investigate the chemical constituents of phyllanthus urinaria .
various chromatographic techniques were employed for isolation and purification of the constituents .
compound vi was found from p. urinaria for the first time and compound ix was found from genus phyllanthus for the first time .
to establish a method for the determination of notoginsenoside r1 in radix notoginseng .
the recovery rate is 101.57 % and relative standard deviation1.98 % .
the method is reliable for the quality control of radix notoginseng .
using western blot method to measure hsp of hypothalamus in febrile and hypothermal rats .
fr .
a adjusts the body temperature through regulating the contents of hsp of hypothalamus in febrile and hypothermal rats .
to determine the preventive and regressive effects of total flavones of metasequosia ( tfm ) on left ventricular hypertrophy in rats .
to observe the effects of paeonol ( pae ) on lipid peroxidational reaction and oxidational decorate of low density lipoprotein ( ldl ) .
pae ( 300 mg.kg-1 ) decreased obviously the content of ox-ldl of plasma ;
pae ( 1 000,200,40 g.ml-1 ) refrained markadly the course of oxidational decorate of ldl of serum in healthy person .
pae could reduce the levels of mda and ox-ldl in hyperlipidaemia rats , and refrain the oxidational decorates of ldl of serum in healthy person .
to detect the susceptibility of urogenital chlamydia trachomatis ( ct ) to 12 kinds of diuretic traditional chinese medicines .
the inhibitory activity of these medicines for ct was detected by microculture technique of mccoy cell in vitro .
the activities of diathus superbus l. , poria cocos ( shcw . ) woft , polyporus umbellatus and artemissia capillaris were stronger .
the number and volume of ct inclusions reduced gradually and disappeared finally with the rise of concentration .
all the 12 kinds of diuretic traditional chinese medicines possess some inhibitory activity for urogenital ct .
to establish a tlc identification method for xuanshen ( radix scrophulariae ) .
the method is simple , accurate and reliable .
to establish an effective system for genetic transformation of autotetraploid isatis indigotica by agrobacterium rhizogenes .
opine analysis indicated the integration of ri t-dna in the transformed plants .
gentiopicroside was metabolized quickly in vitro by rat intestinal flora , consequently gentianine and gentianal content appeared .
gentianine and gentianal were observed after gentiopicroside oral administration 4 times in rat serum sample , and gentiopicroside content decreased after oral administration 6 times .
gentianine and gentianal were the important bioactive metabolites of gentiopicroside in rats .
the two compounds were obtained from this the herb for the first time and 3,4-didydroverbenalin is a new product .
to isolate and elucidate the chemical constituents in the roots of rabdosia japonica .
the constituents were extracted by ether and isolated by chromatography on silica gel and ods .
oleanolic acid and daucosterol were isolated from this plant for the first time .
to investigate the effect of combined treatment of shanghanglian ( shhl ) and recombinant interferon 2a on coxsackie virus b3 replication .
this combined treatment of drugs may be useful in preventing and treating coxsackie b3 virus infection .
using ribavirin as positive control , the plaque reduction assay was adopted for pharmadynamic detection .
for the inhibition on multiplication of cvb3 , ed50 of ribavirin was 7.55 g.ml-1 .
to explore the effects of dispensing ratio of chinese herbs on the pharmacokinetic characteristics of effective components .
paeoniflorin ( pf ) in serum was determined by rp-hplc with uv-detector .
the concentration-time data were fitted using 3p87 pharmacokinetic program , and the pharmacokinetic parameters were compared by t-test .
the pharmacokinetic parameters of the two groups had no statistically significant differences ( p > 0.05 ) .
to evaluate the wind-damage effects on quality of heartwood of lignum santali albi .
gc-ms , tlc and pharmacodynamic test . results : the content of volatile oil from heartwood of wind-damaged lignum santali albi is 1.42 % ;
wind-damage should accelerate the formation of heartwood of lignum santali albi without influence on its quality .
to investigate the chemical constituents of phyllanthus urinaria .
various chromatographic techniques were employed for isolation and purification .
the structures were elucidated by spectral analyses . result and conclusion : a novel polyphenolic compound was isolated and named phyllanthusin f.
to the amount of 1 , 8-cineole in banxiaxiexintang decoction different combinations were determined by gc .
to investigate the chemical constituents of cistanche tubulosa .
the chemical constituents were isolated by solvent extraction together with various chromatographic techniques including preparative hplc .
to establish a hplc method to determine the contents of nodakenin in peucedanum .
several samples of 6 species of peucedanum were analyzed by this method . the contents of nodakenin ranged from 0.005 % ~ 3.090 % .
to investigate the effects of musk glucoprotein on platelet activating factor ( paf ) production and the concentration of cytosolic free ca2 + in polymorphonuclear leukocytes of rat .
to observe the effect of anticancer polypeptide from buthus martensii venom ( apbmv ) on immune function in the h22-bearing mice .
to evaluate the antibacterial activity of forsythia suspensa in vitro with different media .
mic determination of forsythia suspensa against staphylococci was performed by the agar dilution method .
to predict the stable life for a complex injection of chinese meteria medica .
the degradation of puerarin followed the first order action , while danshensu was hard to determine ;
the t0.9,25c was 3.49 years and 1.69 years respectively .
to study chemical approaches to the research and development of modern traditiomal chinese pharmacy .
to study chemical approaches to the research and development of modern traditiomal chinese pharmacy .
to put forward several views on the aspects that concerns chemical approaches to the research and development of modern traditional chinese pharmacy .
to establish quality standards for safe and correct use of rabdosia lophanthoides .
field investigation and pharmacognostic study .
r.lophanthoides was comfirmed as a derivative of r.lophanthoides . conclusion : a convenient and effective method for identifying the herb has been established .
a symbiotic system for a.roxburghii and endophytic fungi was set up .
the culture was effected at 24-25c under cool white fluorescent light ( 150 lx ) for a photoperiod of 11 hours .
to provide a scientific basis for the introduction and harvest of t.farfara in beijing .
random sampling in late growing period .
to study the saponin from albizia julibrissin .
to the amount of baicalin in banxiaxiexintang decocted of differernt combinations were determined by pr-hplc .
an ywg c18 column was used with a mobile phase of meoh-h2o-h3po4 ( 47:53:0.05 ) and an uv detector at the wavelength of 274 nm .
to study the chemical constituents of stelmatocrypton khasinum .
using chromatographic methods to isolate compounds from s.khasinum and chemical and spectral methods to elucidate their structures .
except compound 2 , all the compounds were obtained from this plant for the first time .
to observe the effect of yun 'on granule ( yag ) on threatened abortion .
and experimental study was conducted also .
in addition , yag could inhibit the normal or oxytocin stimulated contraction of rat 's isolated uterus .
yag has good effect in treating threatened abortion and without any adverse effect on fetus .
to investigate the therapeutic efficacy of traditional chinese medicine reduqing ( rdq ) against human cytomegalovirus ( hcmv ) in clinical and its antiviral activity in viro .
in clinical practice , hcmv antibody was detected to determine if the case was activity infected with hcmv . fourteen patients were found and treated with rdq .
the drung was orallyadministered one dose , three times a day , for 18 ~ 30 days as one therapeutic course .
five women gave birth to 5 normal newborns at term after treatment , among them 2 were asymptomatic virus carrier , the other 3 were uninfected .
to study chinese herbal prescription for treatment of eczema based on the suppressive effect of chinese herbal medicine on type iv allergic reaction .
chinese herbal medicine has effect of anti-type iv allergic reaction , composite poria granule has good effect in treating eczema .
ctxt is a relatively effective remedy with less side effect , it is worthy to be studied further .
as for iga and igm , marked changes were not found in both groups in comparison between before and after treatment .
the shared phenotype expression was confirmed at this stage , especially in the rs9403 and the shjgp group .
at the end of 4th week , the eartilagi nous callus was almost all replaced by the bone tissue .
to study the effect and mechanism of fraction c isolated fromn naja naja actra venom ( fcnnav ) in inducing apoptosis of human leukemia cells .
fcnnav could induce hl60 cells apoptosis demonstrated by the typical morphological and biochemical changes .
rt-pcr detection showed the bcl-2 gene expression of hl60 cells was down-regulated by fcnnav , whereas the bax expression was unaffected .
fcnnav could induce apoptosis of human leukemia cells and this effect is related to down-regulation of bcl-2 gene expression level .
to investigate the effect of emodin on the developent of hepatic fibrosis in rats .
( 2 ) liver hydroxyproline was significantly decreased ( p < 0.050r 0.01 ) ;
emodin has therapeutic effect on the development of hepatic fibrosis in rats . the effect might be related to slowing hepatucyte injury .
model of hemorrhagic shock reperfusion injury was produced by itoh method .
wistar rats used in this experiment were randomly divided into three groups , the normal saline ( ns ) group , these group and the ci group .
both se and ci could inhibit the gastric mucosal reperfusion injury , but with different mechanisms .
se could not only enhance the protective factors of gastric mucose , but also abate the injury factors of it , while ci has the latter only .
to observe the changes of myocardial tissue and plasma angiotensin ii in rats with pressure over load and effect of lujiao prescription ( ljp ) .
to investigate the effect of elemene emulsion injection ( eei ) in treating malignant brain tumor .
the total dosage of 6-12 g was given in 2-6 therapeutic courses with an interval of 1-1.5 months between courses .
the effectiveness of treatment was accessed according to the changes of tumor size , karnofsky performance status ( kps ) and survival time of patients .
elemene has significant effect on treatment of malignant brain tumor . it could prolong the high quality survival time of patients and is worthy of further investigation .
to observe the clinical effect of chanbei kechuanping ( cbkcp ) on bronchial asthma and to explore its mechanism .
( 1 ) the markedly effective rate and effective rate in the cbkcp treated group were higher than those in the control group .
( 2 ) as compared with the control group , cbkcp showed more obvious effect in lowering sil-2r , t-lymphocyte subset and raising 6-keto-pgf1 .
to study the effect and mechanism of shuanghua aerosol ( sha ) in treating infantile upper respiratory tract infection ( iurti ) .
in the clinical study , 276 cases of iurti were randomly divided into two groups .
the treated group was treated with sha and the control group was treated with shuanghuanglian aerosol ( shla ) .
in the experimental study , the effect of sha on anti-inflammatory and anti-viral were observed .
sha has obvious anti-inflammatory and anti-viral effect , and has good curative effect in treating iurti .
to investigate the risk factors of cerebral arteriosclerosis ( cas ) in the special population -- the old cadre in organizations affilated directly under fujian province .
the investigation was carried out according to the case control method of epidemiology and conditional logistic regression model was used .
to investigate the clinical effect of xinqingning ( xqn ) , a preparation of rhubarb , combined with low dose continuous gastrointestinal dialysis in treating uremia .
the changes in clinical manifestation , renal function , nutritional condition , and electrolytes before and after treatment were observed .
all the criteria were not improved in the group c and with serum creatinine raised significantly .
to find out the effective treatment for infantile autumn diarrhea ( iad ) .
retention enema with qll is an effective therapy for the treatment of iad .
to observe the effect of weikangfu granule ( wkfg ) on the ultrastructure of gastric mucosa .
to investigate the effect of ginsenosides ( gs ) on proliferation and differentiation of human cd34 + stem / progenitor cells .
the level of serum igf-1 was detected by radioimmunoassay , and igf-1r by immunohistochemical method .
( 1 ) serum igf-1 level in model rats group > model rats treated with krch group >
normal control group , but no statistical difference was found among them .
krch could lower the level of serum igf-1 .
( 2 ) level of igf-1r in pancreas , liver , ovary and adrenal gland showed an opposite sequence to that of serum igf-1 .
from this , it is inferred that the ovulation effect of krch on asr may come true partly by adjusting the level of igf-1/igf-1r .
smi could prolong the time pt needed for reducing 50 % , speed up the restoration of pt .
although aminophylline could increase pt , it shortened the fatigue inducing time and postponed the recovery .
aminophylline would damage the relaxation function together with the increasing contraction of diaphragm simultaneously , and this side-effect could be antagonised partly by smi .
to study the effect of ligustrazine on peritoneal transport in various dosages .
d/purea increased in the gds-hl group significantly .
to investigate the weight-reducing effect of kintop and its probable mechanism in obese rats .
good effect could be obtained by administration of medium dose kintop ( 40 mg / 100g body weight per day ) in simple obese rats .
the adipocyte leptin expression reduced and serum leptin elevated in those rats with body weight reduced effectively by kintop .
kintop also has the effect in lowering blood cholesterol level , and it could lower the blood sugar in obesity complicated with hyperglycemia by increasing the dosage appropriately .
to study the effect of digan oral liquid ( dgol ) on cell proliferation cycle of thymic lymphocyte in immune mediated aplastic anemia ( imaa ) in mice .
the ultrasonography of liver , electrophoresis of serum protein and excretion of urinary copper were observed .
to observe the clinical effect of olium psidium guajava ( pg ) in treating infantile rotaviral enteritis .
sixty-two patients of rotaviral enteritis were randomly divided into the treated group treated with pg and the control group treated with gegen qinlian decoction .
to investigate the effect of lumbricus in promoting wound healing of ligation hemorrhoidectomy .
to study the therapeutic mechanism of yinchen dandao decoction ( ycddd ) in treating acute cholangitis .
to study the relationship between estrogen gene polymorphism and tcm syndrome differentiation of female postmenopausal osteoporosis in china .
estrogen receptor gene rflps is related to tcm syndrome differentiation typing .
the rats for control were injected in the same site with the same dose of normal saline .
ygxfr could recover the neurological behavior deficits of pd rat models .
to study the apoptosis in human gastric cancer cell mgc-803 induced by the extract of glycyrrhiza uralensis fisch .
the p53 gene expression was unchanged after treatment .
after the dwell , dialysate samples were collected and the white blood cells in the effluents were counted .
the peritoneal direct lymphatic absorption rate was significantly higher in the exp group .
to explore the therapeutic effects and mechanism of removing blood stasis chinese herbs on glomerulonephritis due to anti-thy-1 antibody .
bushen decoction and baoshenkang tablets have therapeutic effects on the experiment mesangial proliferative glomerulonephritis .
to investigate the possible relationship between theabnormality of sex hormones and th2 cytokines .
il-6 was significently higher than that of controls and e2 / t correlated positively with i l-6 in patients .
the abnormality of e2 / t possibly participate in the aberran tproduction of th2 cytokines in sle .
tcm-wm treatment is an effective therapy to mespgn .
obiective explore the clinical characteristics and lab exam of lupus nephritis in children .
method 74 children with lupus nephritis were taken physical , haematological and immunological exam and were compared with aldults ' .
but no difference in immunological exam between children and adult .
to observe the clinical effect of psidium guajava l.on treatment of rotaviralenteritis .
the content of na + and glucose in feces were reduced obviously , and the treated group was superior to the control group ( p = 0.05 ) .
psidium guajava l.has good curative effect on rotaviral enteritis .
to study the therapeutic mechanism and pharmacodynamic effect of tiaowei pill .
conelusion : on the acute and chronic bile-regurgitationalgastritis , tiaowei pill has a better curative effect .
to observe the short-term and long-term curative effect of compositus catechu capsule on peptic ulcer .
to observe the curative effects of shuizhi capsule ( ? ) on acute haemorrhage apoplexy and the effect on the absorbed velocity of the hematoma and nervous function .
the control group ( n = 50 ) was treated with naofukang tablets ( ? ) 0.8 g three times daily .
to investigate the influence of traditional chinese medicine on the expression level of lowdensity lipoprotein receptor ( ldlr ) gene .
to observe the prevent effect of xingnaojing injection ( ? ? ) in neuronal apoptosis induced by ischemiareperfusion , and investigate its mechanism for neuronal protective effect .
30 wistar rats were divided randomly into two groups , ischemia reperfusion model group ( n = 15 ) and xingnaojing treatment group ( n = 15 ) .
xingnaojing injection can protect neuronal cell , markedly inhibit neuronal apoptosis induced by brain ischemiareperfusion injury .
to investigate the relation between serum inflammatory cellular factor and different syndrome in patients with type ii diabetes mellitus ( dm ii ) complicated acute ischemic stroke .
the levels of tnf and il6 were positively correlated with the pagt , fg and etl in fengtan yuzu type ( all p < 0.01 ) .
to investigate the curative effects of leech powder on accurately ischemic stroke ( ais ) .
130 patients with ais were randomly divided into therapeutic group ( n = 70 ) and control group ( n = 60 ) .
in therapeutic group 35.71 % were cured , 50.00 % were markedly effective , 7.14 % were effective , and the total effective rate was 92.86 % ;
the curative effects of leech powder on treating ais are reliable , blood lipids and blood flow may be obviously improved
to observe the solving thrombus effects and the influence of coronary artery reflowing of leech injection on acute myocardial infarction ( ami ) .
the total effective rates of clinically symptomatic improvements in treatment group and control group were 96.63 % and 94.21 % respectively ,
to observe the effect of xingnaojing injection ( ? ? ) and hyperbaric oxygen ( hbo ) on intelligence and apolipoprotein in treating vascular dementia ( vd ) .
121 cases with vd were randomly divided into two groups : the treatment group ( n = 62 ) was combined with xingnaojing injection and hbo ;
the control group ( n = 59 ) was treated with naofukang injection ( ? ? ) .
four weeks were one therapeutic course for both groups .
to explore the curative effect on combined with lunei xiaoyu decoction ( - ) and western medicine ( wm ) on traumatic intracranial hematoma .
based on conventional wm therapy the treatment group was treated with lunei xiaoyu decoction , control group was treated with wm alone .
there are significant curative effects in traumatic intracranial hematoma treated with lunei xiaoyu decoction .
to observe the curative efficacy of the compound kangya capsule ( ? ) in treating essential hypertension phase ii .
the compound kangya capsule possesses better curative effects on essential hypertension , and no side effects are found .
to investigate the protective effects of shuxin injection ( ? ? ) in treating myocardial ischemiareperfusion injury .
shuxin injection is significantly efficacious in curing myocardial ischemiareperfusion injury . it maybe relate to decrease oxygen free radicals .
to investigate the relation between syndrome differentiations of traditional chinese medicine ( tcm ) and high blood coagulation state in type ii diabetic patients with ischemic stroke .
to explore the possible relationship between tcm syndrome differentiation and typing of hypertension and tlymphocyte subpopulation , nk cell activity .
there are the objective material foundations on tcm syndrome differentiation and typing in hypertension , which exist a greater or lesser immunological disturbances .
to explore the preventive effect of nifedipine and rhubarb powder on stress ulcer caused by severe cerebral hemorrhage ( sch ) .
75 patients with sch were randomly divided into two groups .
the clinically curative effect was observed after two weeks .
to investigate the mechanism of astragalus membranaceus injection on protecting myocardial ischemiareperfusion injury ( miri ) in open heart surgery under cardiopulmonary bypass .
both groups were undergoing open heart surgery under cardiopulmonary bypass .
activity of no at the time after reperfusion 180 minutes in treatment group was significantly higher than that in control group ( p < 0.05 ) .
to study of the role of endotoxin in acute lung injury ( ali ) and protective effect of rhubarb and dexamethasone to them .
lipopolysaccharide ( lps ) was injected into the sublingual vein of male wistar rats to perform ali animal model .
the rats were divided into four groups : lps group , control group , rhubarb group , and dexamethasone group .
macroscopic and histopathological examinations were performed and ultrastructure was examined by electron microscope .
biological markers were measured for the lung specimens .
the lung damaged by lps was congestive , and plaque shaped necrosis could be seen in part of lung .
pulmonary vascular endothelium was injuryed under electron microscope .
rhubarb and dexamethasone have protective effects to pulmonary vascular endothelium and alveolar epithelium in ali induced by lps .
to study the effect of rhubarb on respiratory chain of mitochondria of epithelial cells of intestinal mucosa in burned rats .
to study the action of rhubarb on eliminating the oxygen free radical ( ofr ) and its mechanism .
to study the therapeutic actions of rhubarb on gastrointestinal failure ( gif ) complicated by acute organic phosphorus poisoning ( aopp ) .
the symptoms differ nursing ( ? ? ) were summarized .
after using rhubarb powder 3 to 5 times of defecation could be a clinical dosage index .
the abdominal pain before defecation was main harmful reaction but adding honey it was able to attenuate .
the use of rhubarb powder combined with cometidine could increase the effective rate .
the key of nursing was to grasp the dosage and method to take meantime the defecation times and changes in pathogenetic condition were tightly observed .
the rhubarb powder is an effective drug for treating ugb .
a model of endotoxin-induced fever was established in rabbits .
fever response of rabbits was observed , and avp contents in vsa and plasma were determined by radioimmunoassay following stomach gavage of qdp .
qdp can be useful in the treatment of endotoxin-fever .
to observe the curative effects of tongfu zhuyu decoction combined with western medicine ( wm ) on gastrointestinal functional failure ( gff ) in infants .
108 ill infants were randomly divided into treated group ( n = 54 ) and control group ( n = 54 ) .
clp model was prepared and the perforation of cecum of rats was made .
normal saline was administered to experimental control group while jiedu guben granule in the same volume as normal saline was given to experimental treated group ;
the specimens of liver , lung , and part of small intestive were observed for pathomorphology under microscopic .
from pathologic angle it was confirmed that jiedu guben granule was able to depress the injuried of lung liver and intestine .
jiedu guben granule is able to decrease the functional damages of organs in systemic inflammatory response syndrome through to regulate the release of inflammatory mediators .
to clinically observe the protective actions of shenmai injection on heart and liver during chemotherapy for malignant tumor of hemopoietic system .
in the cardiac functions there were not significant differences in three groups before and after therapy .
the contents of tnf and il-1 in cerebral tissues at different times were detected and the histologic variations were observed .
to investigate the clinically curative effects of point block combined with medicine of raising leukocyte taken orally on leukopenia induced by antithyroid preparation .
210 patients were randomly divided into a , band c group ( n = 70 for each group ) .
a group was treated with vitamine b4 , leucogen , and lithium carbonate taken orally .
in children patients before therapy the levels of urine il-6 were significantly increased and in comparison to control group the difference was significant ( p < 0.01 ) .
after therapy they were significantly decreased ( p < 0.05 ) .
after therapy in recurrence group it compared to in nonrecurrence group showed obvious high level ( p < 0.05 ) .
esk combined with corticosteroid is able to decrease the level of urine il-6 which is tight relationship with pathogenetic condition .
object to observe the influence of the 60co irradiation on the vestibular organ of the inner ear .
the specimens of the vestibular organs were observed by the scanning and transmit electro-microscopy .
the vestibule nerve endings of the sheath were edema and destructed .
the function and structure of the vestibule organs were destoried by the irradiation of 60co .
the results show the sonomotor reflex is a simple method to test the hearing ability .
the mechanism of chinese traditional medicine , which increased effecfiveness combined with tympanosympathectory was discussed .
object to investigate clinical treatment of epistaxis with blood disease .
the contrast group of 34 cases were wadded with vaseline .
there are significant differences between the two groups ( p < 0 . 01 ) .
the authors believed that wadding petechias with gelfoam soaked by thromboplastinase and dressing with burn ointment tele is a safe , valid treatment of epistaxis with blood disease .
the pathology , diagnosis and treatment were discussed as well .
this paper made some researches on its contribution to the pathology , treatment and precaution of qiqiao disease .
in order to provide experimental evidences for the correct selection of antidotes in the clinical menagement against acute terbufos intoxication .
to explore the changes of neurobehavioral function on the workers exposed to noise and manganese .
the joint action of manganese and noise group were significantly different as compared with the control group ( p < 0.01 ) in all test items ;
to study the effect of manganese on the metabolism of several necessary elements in human body .
to look for the health effects on workers exposed to concentration ( 1.040 mg / m3 ) acrylonitrile ( an ) .
an epidemiologic study with 224 workers exposed to an ( subjects ) and same number of non-exposed controls were carried out .
the levels of serum -gt and urine scn , compared with that of controls , were significantly increased ( p < 0.05 ) .
the average rate of micro-nucleus tested in peripheral blood lymphocytes showed significant increase , and smoking might exert synergetic effect on it .
it seemed that the slight adverse effects on the workers exposed to low concentration of an ( 2 mg / m3 mac ) should not be ignored .
to study the exposure condition for hydroquinone ( hq ) in the air of workplace .
the results indicated that the airborne hq exposure level at 0.442 mg / m3 was not likely to obviously affect the hq-exposed workers ' healthy status .
based on this study , it suggested that the maximum allowable concentration ( mac ) for hq in the workplace air should be revised to 0.5 mg/m3 .
to study the effects of various doses of k2cr2o7 on the permeability of cell membrane .
it showed that the dose of k2cr2o7 below 5 mol / l could not induce effect on the permeability of cell membrane .
it suggested that the target point of low dose of k2cr2o7 induced-damage did not focus on the cell membrane .
to study on the change of the immunoglobulin and superoxide dismutase ( sod ) level of the dust-exposed workers and seek for early diagnostic index of pneumoconiosis .
in addition , the patients with pneumoconiosis even showed a lower level of sod than that of dust-exposed workers .
it suggested that the level of immunoglobulin and sod in the serum might be helpful in the early diagnosis of pneumoconiosis .
in order to study what kind of individual character is stitable for the steward job on a long-distance train .
the result indicated that the steady and extrovision men seemed to be more suitable for the steward job on a long distance train .
regarding the disagreement on bal therapy of pneumoconiosis , the main objective is to explore the possibility of bal therapy of pneumoconiosis .
systematic data analysis and experimental study on academic evidence of bal therapy of pneumoconiosis , and main factors affecting pulmonary interstitial dust removal .
the dose-dependent manner in occurrence and development of pneumoconiosis would provide the academic basis for lung lavage ;
the establishment of pulmonary interstitial blockade and its application verified that the possibility of dusts deposition in interstitum and pam its removal with balf ;
the pathologic degree of pneumoconiosis and time after dust exposure would be the critical reasons on amount of dust removal ;
the effect of bal reducing-dusts appeared to deepen the accurate understanding on bal therapy of pneumoconiosis .
bal would be useful in early and acute pneumoconiosis treatment .
to explore the relationship between the functional activation of kupffer cells in rat livers and acute hepatic toxicity of tnt .
the model of the functional activities of rat kupffer cells was observed during the acute exposure of tnt .
tnt could strengthen the hepatotoxicity in those rats with functional activation of kupffer cells .
the hepatic toxicity of tnt was associated with the functional conditions of kupffer cells .
to study the effects of mixed-benzene on blood-lipid and lipid peroxidation ( lpo ) and the anti-effects of compound fruit tea in rats .
the compound fruit tea was extracted from rosaceae , polygonaceae , menispermaceae , compositae and green tea and mixed with sodium selenate ( 0.2 mg / l ) .
in addition , the a + and b + groups were treated with the compound fruit tea ( 25 ml / kg bw/d ) through drinking water .
these indexes in the a + group were higher than those in the control group , but no significant difference could be found .
to study if the dna damage of lymphocytes involve in the immunotoxic mechanism of cadmium .
the decrease of proliferation function seemed to be associated with dna damage ( p < 0.01 ) .
the result suggested that dna damage of lymphocytes might be important in the immunotoxic mechanism of cadmium . it would be worth to study further .
to study the gross alpha and beta radioactivity and decay pattern of topaz colored by neutron radiation .
the gross alpha did not show significant difference between colored topaz and nature color topaz . however , the gross beta showed significant difference .
the gross beta of colored topaz was shown to be higher than that of the nature color topaz at 4 orders of megnitude .
to understand the health status of the overexposed workers in nuclear industry and to explore the early indices caused by radiation risk .
the radiation risk assessment of population or individual could be made by comprehensive analysis of ca , mn and hprt .
in order to find out the influence and intervention function of excessive fluorine to human body .
another 30 non-fluorine exposers were choser as control .
fluorine exposers ' urine f- , blood f- and urine bf-4 were obviously higher than non-fluorine exposers .
the " kfl " group excreted much urine boron-fluoride than the placebo group , and the serum igm content and gsh-px activity also increased .
excessive fluorine can change human body 's serum immunoglobulin level and akp , gsh-px activities .
" kfl " intervention can lower the fluorine burden and protect human 's health .
to study the acute and subchronic toxicity , irritancy , cumulative effect , allergic effect of deltamethrin .
skin and eye irritancy were estimated to be negative and mild respectively .
cumulative coefficient was 2.3 and allergic rate was 0 % .
to study the reproductive toxicity of manganese .
the mean recovery and relative standard deviation of the method were 94.1 % and 5.15 % respectively .
the lowest detection limit was 30 g/l .
to review the medical surveillance data of urine exfoliative cells during 1983 ~ 1998 conducted in the population exposed to benzidine in shanghai .
the subjects were workers exposed to benzidine , who had received the medical surveillance for urine exfoliative cells using papanicoloau 's method .
the papanicoloau 's grading was described as five grades , and the cells lying between two grades were expressed as 0.5 .
no significant difference of two indexes appearted to be seen in different job and different smoking status .
it would be advised to conduct normally the routine medical surveillance for screening bladder cnacer in the high-risk population .
it suggested that the temperature of hand could be affected by hand-transmitted vibration .
to simplify the dna sequencing method and optimize the conditions for mitochondrial dna ( mtdna ) sequencing .
maxam gilbert chemically breaking reaction and ligation mediated pcr ( lmpcr ) were used for mtdna sequencing .
the success of adapting lmpcr for mtdna sequencing will provide an important scientific method for mapping mtdna oxidative damage at nucleotide level .
to study the relationship between occupational stress and hypertension , and to identify the main causing factors .
occupational stress would be one of the important dangerous factors causing hypertension .
to evaluate the effect of lead on the neurobehavioral function of descendents of female workers .
the value of peripheral blood cytomorphology used in health surveillance and poisoning diagnosis for benzene exposed workers was studied .
the haemoglobin were determinated . the morphology of wbc , rbc and plt were observed .
of 120 workers who had been exposed to benzene , 35 were abnormal and 18 of them showing decrease of whole blood cell .
according to cytomorphology the main changes were the appearances of poisoning gramule and vacuole in the neutrophil cytoplasm .
it would be an useful index to use peripheral blood cytomorphology for health surveillance and poisoning diagnosis to benzene exposed workers .
to explore the pollution of electric field in the environment of great power plants and distribution of electric field in transmission line with different voltage grade .
high values were found in high voltage transmitting tb region and transformers particularly . some values even exceeded hygiene norm on workplace , i.e. 5 kv/m .
it showed that some workers might expose to the intensive electric field .
to study the effects of occupational hazardous factors on pointsmen 's health .
it illustrated that the occupational hazardous factors did have some effects on pointsmen 's health .
to study the effects of local vibration on the concentration of plasma nitric oxide ( no ) in rabbits and its relation to vibration-induced vascular impairment .
the concentration of plasma no was measured and analyzed in rabbits with different vibration strength and different exposure period .
the concentration of plasma no in experiment groups tended to be decreased along with the lengthening of exposure time and strengthening of vibration level .
the longer the vibration exposure and the stronger the vibration level , the lower the concentration of plasma no level would be .
local vibration could result in the decreasing of the concentration of plasma no , probably related to the vibration-induced vascular impairment .
to study the genotoxicity of lithium chloride in mice , peripheral lymphocyte of human blood and its possible mechanism .
to follow up the declination of founders ' pulmonary function .
to study occupational stress of long distance bus drivers and its adverse effects .
it indicated that stress degree of drivers was higher than that of controls .
to study whether mercaptoethanol or vitamin c could block the inhibition of erythrocyte sod by cadmium .
2mercaptoethanol could partly prevent cadmium from damaging sod of erythrocytes .
3vitamin c had a function to protect sod of erythrocytes from being damaged by cadmium .
to compare and analyse the results of continuous and instantaneous sampling of industrial noise .
it was showed that the noise level was consistent with the type of work measured with the nl-2 .
aperiodic instantaneous sampling in the same type of work demonstrated that the difference of the results related to the steady state of the noise .
the steady state of the noise could be reflected by the standard error of repetitious instantaneous sampling and expressed as s.
compared with the instantaneous sampling , the result of personal continuous sampling was much accurate and objective , although nl-2 itself needs improving .
to study the pattern and to explore the influence factors of occupational injuries in various automobile workers .
methods 3 651 occupational accidents records from the safety technology department were analyzed and the variety and distribution of occupational injuries were described .
to study the serum neuron specific enolase ( nse ) levels in n-hexane poisoning patients .
to study the changes of urinary cadmium-metallothionein ( cd-mt ) content in a population exposed to environmental cadmium .
the contents of urinary cadmium and cd-mt were ( 5.17 2.40 ) g/g.cre and ( 6.42 2.35 ) g/g.cre respectively ;
urinary cd-mt appeared to be correlated with urinary cadmium . a dose-response relationship existed between those two indices .
urinary cd-mt can be used as a sensitive and specific indicator of renal damage at early stage of nephro-toxicity .
to study the influence of trifluralin on the microsomal enzymes of liver and kidney .
to explore the significance and value of fibrin degradation products ( fdp ) , d-dimer and other biochemical indexes used in early diagnosis of silicosis .
six biochemical indexes were detected in 0 + and i stage .
d-dimer , cp , mda , hyp could be used in early diagnosis of silicosis .
to study the possibility of low-frequency noise existed in working site of control room and big scale production equipments .
it showed that strong noise of low-frequency existed in working site of big scale production equipments .
for the workplace with mixed benzene 92.7 % was shown to be qualified ;
for those with acetone , 100 % ;
for those with isopropyl alcohol , 100 % ;
whereas for hexane , 72.2 % ;
for vinyl trichloride , 73.7 % .
dichloroethane and trichlormethane were not found in workplaces .
it suggested that working places monitoring and management should be strengthened .
the acute oral , dermal , inhalation toxicity and ophthalmol , skin irritation effects of cycloheptatriene were studied .
the experiments were done according to gb15670-1995 .
the optimum solid concentration was 15 % .
solid and liquid separating machine has been limiting the extension and development of high concentrated organic wastewater treatment .
by mean of directional improvement on lw400 horizonal spiral sedimentation centrifugal machine , it could become the professional equipment in pre-and post-treatment of industrial organic wastewater .
5l sequencing batch reactor was used to treat effluent of hydrolysis of swine wastewater .
comparison experiment confirmed that the nh4-n epelled by air was much less than the nh4-n removed by degradation of microorganism .
the contents of ss , nh3n , and ph in the treatment processing were also studied , their final contents were 42mg .
l-1 , 12.5mg .
l-1 , 7.2 respectively .
all these datum from the treatment were better than the first level of national standard .
the energy consumption and treating cost were 97.5kwh.d-1 , 1.48rmb.m-3 respectively .
the reason was that the enzymatic hydrolysis of cellulases produced " the peeling effect " on the surface of the fiber .
the synergism of laccase / hbt and xylanase will further decrease kappa number .
an alkali-tolerant bacterium identified as a strain of pseudomonas which can produce an extra cellular alkali-stable xylanase was isolated from soil .
the conditions of enzyme treatment for soda-aq wheat straw pulp and the effect of enzyme treatment on the subsequent bleaching were investigated .
the results of hydrogen peroxide bleaching of e.globulus ctmp proved that " consistency estimate method " is practical and reliable .
under the de-inking conditions , only endoglucanases treatment hardly results in the production of dissolved sugars .
in this paper , cationic starch , cationic graft corn starch ( cgs ) and amphoteric starches were used as filler retention aids .
during enzymatic modification of aspen sgw pulp , the crystallinity index ( cri ) increased rapidly in the early stage as the enzymatic hydrolysis proceeded .
then cri only increased slightly and trended toward a constant value .
on the other hand , the average dimension of the cellulose crystallite had only slight decrease during the enzymatic hydrolysis .
the relationships between factors of wet end , size effect and solids ( filler ) retention have been studied by gray relational analysis methods .
the apparent viscosity of the coating containing higher ratio of carboxylated sb was the lowest , the coating containing pva was in between .
pulping process produces a large amount of waste and pollution emission which makes it become one of the main pollution sources in pulp and paper industry .
cleaner production is an important strategy to solve this problem .
the model provides theoretical base for automatic control of high consistency refining process .
the control system is now running well in the pulping workshops in fujian qingzhou paper mill .
extended modified continuous cooking ( emcc ) of e. urophylla was carried out in this study .
this paper sets the theoretical and numerical method predicting the unsteady pressure distribution on the propeller blade surface by using perturbation potential based on surface panel method .
an iterative procedure is introduced to satisfy the kutta condition with the generalized inverse matrix method in each harmonic order of pressure difference at the trailing edge .
the unsteady pressure distribution on the propeller blade surface by the present program are in satisfactory agreement with experimental data .
then the theory for multiple objective decision making is used to establish the evaluation system for fpso 's station-keeping plans .
the cfd simulation is also done . the good agreement between the results of two methods is achieved .
through research and experiment , adaptive random seeking method is pointed out to solve the problem .
an index c is defined for crashworthiness of ship structure .
as an illustrative example , the optimization system is used for design analysis of side structure of a bulk cargo carrier .
the results show feasibility and effectiveness of the optimization method .
after a ship hull is damaged , the residual resisting section will be unsymmetrical and the hull may be heeled also .
the time-variation reliability analysis based on ultimate strength of corroding ship girders is presented in this paper .
the influence of different black liquor pretreatment conditions on the birch kraft pulping was studied .
based on several years mill experiences , this paper discusses the choice of addition points of wet end chemicals .
a novel starch derivative , carboxymethyl starch ( cms ) is introduced in this paper . experimental results of cms application both internal and surface treatment are presented .
cms is soluble directly in cool water and can be used conveniently .
the methods of synthesizing polyurethane with paper were investigated .
only a small part of mediator nha was converted to aa during the biobleaching .
by analyzing the process parameters , production operation , consumption and quality of the pulp and paper , this paper compares the wheat straw dry &
the research results showed that there was low pollution in effluent of high-yield ( apmp ) pulping from populus nigra .
after treatment by sequencing batch reactor ( sbr ) combined with chemical flocculation , the effluent can be discharged in accordance with the national standard , gb 3544-92 .
a novel and efficient expanding agent for tissue paper has been developed .
the optimum formula and technology for making expanding agent have been established by orthogonal experiments .
the optimal dosage and application method of the expanding agent were proposed based on the results of laboratory experiments and mill trials .
degradation and its kinetics of chlorophenol wastewater by ozone-hydrogen peroxide were investigated .
different total chlorine free ( tcf ) bleaching sequences for two kinds of wheat straw soda-aq pulp with different kappa numbers were studied .
during the kp cooking aspen is easier to cook and the yield is higher .
aspen pulp has the best strength among three kinds pulps after bleaching .
the structure and printability of papersheet from eucalyptus globulus apmp were studied . the strength and optical properties of papersheet were also discussed .
wood chemical compositions of 5- , 8- and 11-yr -old alnus cremastogyne plantations in the plantation area off ujian province are reported .
correlation analysis shows that growth rate has no effect on wood density and chemical composition of alnus cremastogyne plantations in the plantation area .
practical experience of solving the pitch trouble by adding alum and talc in the mill is also reported .
the optimum condition of syntheses of copolymer was discovered .
this cationic copolymer emulsion was applied together with aluminium polychloride ( apc ) in paper making .
the properties of paper were the best when quantity of the applied emulsion was 0.80 % .
enzymatic deinking of old newsprint by several kinds of cellulases with different endoglucanases and cellobiohydrolases activities was studied and the industrial trial was carried out .
some factors that strongly affect the deinked pulp ( dip ) brightness in the old newspaper ( onp ) pulping process are studied .
a twin screw extruder introduced from plastic and food industries to pulp refining is presented .
for the retention and drainage additives peo / cofactor and bentonite microparticle system are efficient additives when the whitewater system is closed .
the experimental results indicate that fas is an effective bleaching and decolorizing agent for deinked pulp .
the rationality and simplicity of present method have been verified by model experiments . it can be easily applied to the design of submarine pressure tank structure .
and the advantages , the characteristics and the uses of the steel are given at last .
meanwhile in this paper , a new correlation analysis method , so-called three dimension correlation analysis method ( cad , n ) , is presented .
a fast and simple ship speed prediction method , so-called statistical analysis method , is presented in this paper also .
in this paper a bend upward bulbous bow is introduced .
the experiment displaying the water-induced vibration of a two-dimensional wing is carried out in a small circulating water channel .
the piv technique and auxiliary dye-tracer technique are used to display the flow field .
if the first harmonious frequency is just an integral multiple of the wave-encounter frequency , the responses will reach their extreme points .
by the example of a 16500m3 lpg ship , it is indicated that the modified method can effectively evaluate the fatigue life of lpg ship structure .
a finite element model of thin-walled beam based on timoshenko 's beam and benscoter theories for analysis of the coupled torsional-bending vibration of ship hulls is presented .
a new method to assure compatibility of warping deformation between two adjacent beam elements with different cross-sections of a ship hull is proposed .
the method to simplify the thin-walled beam model of ship hulls is also considered .
numerical examples demonstrate the accuracy of the proposed analysis methods .
this paper introduces the study and implementation of an active acoustic fuze for an underwater high speed moving target .
block construction scheduling ( bcs ) is very imprtant to control shipbuilding process . at first , the status of bcs research in the world is analyzed ;
it can be concluded that the approach is feasible , according to the calculating result .
the practicability analysis of the power flow evaluation criterion and the relationship between the vibration level and transmitted power flow are presented .
it is also emphasized that shipbuilding cims is to combine csm transformation with the application of shipbuilding cims software .
an example is also given in this paper .
the pathological changes of the disconnection sites and surrounding tissues in patients with old ruptures of achilles tendons were investigated .
the results showed : ( 1 ) bursae in the old ruptured sites in 43.3 % patients .
the pathological changes encroached not only the disconnection sites but also the tendon and muscle tissues around it .
the common complications following arthroscopy were treatable if recognized early .
step-by-step training program must be practiced in arthroscopist education .
the correlation between pain and isokinetic parameters of knee extensors and flexors ( 66 limbs , 33 knee oa patients ) were analyzed .
pain score was negatively and linearly correlated with the torque acceleration energy of extensors at a moderate degre e.
pain induced a special form of muscle inhibition .
the fumigation also eliminated the muscular stiffness very well .
the results suggest that : ( 1 ) increase of et1 immunoreactivity in myocardium of swimming rats may play an important role in exercise-induced hypertrophic heart ;
( 2 ) decrease of et1 immunoreactiv ity in myocardium of swimming shr seems reasonable to decreasing effect of et 1 damage on hypertrophic myocardium ;
( 3 ) intracellular et1 immunoreactivity of exercise-induced and hypertensive hypertrophic heart can be regulated in gene transcription level by exercise .
hawthorn is a potent anti-oxidant and can significantly increase liver sod activity while reduce the production of lipidperoxide products mda .
the effects of the administration of chinese drugs for assisting qi ( arq ) on carbohydrate and amino acid metabolism in trained rats were observed .
exercise rats were submitted to swim for 6 weeks .
the results suggest ed that the simple obese children have immune function impairment , which improved after endurance training .
four volunteers as controls were administered by equal placebo .
so me biochemical parameters were observed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay ( elisa ) in this study .
epo and transferrin soluble receptor ( tfr ) concentrations in serum were elevated by the administration of rhepo .
tfr concentration maintained higher level after the ad ministration of rhepo within one week .
total of fibrinogen degradation products and fibrin degradation products ( tdp ) concentrations in plasma changed irregularly .
the results suggested that serum epo and tfr concentration might be the validate parameters on the detection of rhepo misuse .
athlete s in test group used nutrition supplementations during training .
the concentration of serum igf-i in male track and field athletes was significant higher than that of footballers .
( 2 ) the variety of saliva lzm in athletes should be considered individually due to its greater standard diviation .
in this study , the device of simulating ankle inversion was developed for the disa-2000 emg to determine the peroneal muscle response time .
to study the endothelin and lipid changes in simple obesity children and the effect of aerobic training .
the excretion of thianin , riboflavin , nicotinic and ascorbic acid increased in athletes after weight reduction and was significantly higher than that in control group .
it shows that the personality has something to do with the neu roimmune response .
the possible mechanism and significance of these changes were discussed .
at the end of training , the plasma tt concentration decreased in tg , with no statistical significance .
during exhausted training , exercise ability ascended at fist then declined change in exercise ability was the latest one in comparison with others .
the results suggested that these simple and practical parameters could be used as the indicators for evaluating and monitoring overtraining .
to investigate the influence of different ways of movement on the knee joint function of a rabbit suffering from oa .
active movement was good for the oa disease reversion and passive movement could help to restore the function of knee joint .
a combination of the two could yeild optimal result . conclusions : proper mode and intensity of movement could protect and repair arthrochondritis .
isometric exercise is a protocol to treat arthrogenous muscle weakness . howerer , its mechanism is unclear .
the study was to investigate how the exercise alleviate arthrogenous muscle inhibition .
the results suggested that there was no significantly increased expression of cardiac mlc-2 in 12 week-endurance trained rats .
the effects of swimming training on the lipid metabolism of homozygotic apoe-deficient mice were examined .
using histomorphometry and comparing the intake of calcium and estrogen , the influence of exereise on metabolism of bone was assesed in ovariectomized rat .
the management system consists of seven modules : pest identification , pest occurrence , forecasting , control measures inquiry , pesticide prescription , pest trends and controlling files .
users can identify diseases and pests , inquiry controlling files , grasp disease and pest occurrence and control measure .
the two isolates gx-97 and gx-98-1 also showed a closer pattern of antibiotics resistance with reference strain c195-11 .
in april 1998,8 sick broilers of 20-day-old are tested in my factory .
sick broilers are killed , then their specimens are taken . ndv have been isolated by spf ce from the specimens .
the ndv are proved to be virulent field strain by virulence test ( the virulent field strain can be neutralized by common positive serum of anti-ndv ) .
the results of lab test and field trails indicated that the vaccine has the advantage of long period of immunity and safety .
the disease model was infected in 180 chickens by inoculating mycoplasma gallisepticam into the trachea and e.coli into the breast muscle .
the injury incidence among events was different from 79.65 % to 5.56 % . 65 kinds of treatments were investigated .
some suggestions for medical supervision , prevention and rehabilitation research on common injury and severe injury , special muscle training for different events and fitness improvement were advised .
the acl injury rate ( 0.71 % ) in femele athletes was much more higher than in the male athletes ( 0.30 % ) .
in this study , we found that judo , basketball , football and volleyball share a high acl injury rate in female athletes .
the cause , mechanism and prevention of acl injury in female athletes were discussed in this paper .
maximal electrical twitch of femoral nerve and quantitative electromyographical test of patella tendon reflex were performed on 36 patients with unilateral knee oa .
the decreased extent of amplitude of femoral nerve maximal electrical twitch and quantitative patella tendon reflex were compared .
the accuracy of quantitative electromyographical test was examined in 8 volunteers ( 16 limbs ) .
aim to investigate the interaction and relation of the recruit 's motor ability and anxiety to the injuries during primary military physical training .
state anxiety and trait anxiety were measured according to questionnaire of " state-trait anxiety inventory , stai-form " .
injured soldiers were detected by an active screen project .
the incidence of training injuries was highest in the recruits with state anxiety score 50 level and motor ability score < 320 level ( rr = 3.18 ) .
in primary physical training of the recruits , anxiety and physical fitness were closely related .
the incidence of training injuries was highest in the recruits with the higher level of state anxiety and the lower level of motor ability .
in general , the intent of the designer prevails , sometimes , the decision of the fund contributor dominates .
it is a tragedy that people do not learn from history . the "
city beautiful " , or more correctly , " city cosmetic "
civic center " fever and " grand avenue fever "
the result showed that urban greening landscape was dominated by small patches that is lower 500m2 , these patches have a great amounts and wide dispersion .
this finding may have significant contribution to the improvement of environment in the residential communities in china .
the paper introduces the background , the principle , the procedure and the functions of the management information system of south china botanical garden .
shows : the component and forest phase of the urban plant community still has a feature of zonal vegetation although it is influence by people activity ;
the habitat made by upper stratum effect on under plants distribution in plant community , under plant species is diversity .
the soil factor correlate with the height growth and density of the community ;
analyzing shows : the landscape of the community is most correlative to the structure , the broad- leaf mixed forest has a most landscape effect in shanghai .
this paper discussed the concepts of travel and tourism , the functions of scenic and historic areas , and the relationships between their protection and opening to tourism .
it is emphasized that scenic and historic areas are not for trade and there are no reasons to turn them into business .
this paper discusses the triple roles- - leader , decision maker and designer- - which are successfully played by prof.
the article introduce the experience , the theory and the practice of america 's master landscape architect dan killey .
with different social environment , the landscape of street in different city has respective feature .
more and more people have paid attention to the city street landscape of city street , the writer put forward his viewpoint and analysis in the issue .
the paper deals with the measures and conception on integrated weed management in turf- grass and its current problems .
a view of ecological system is the base of weed management in turf- grass .
at present , a chemical control plays an important role in integrated weed management , while a biological control should be researched and plant quarantine strengthened .
lawrence halprin is a well-known american landscape architect in the postwar years . his practice and theory has wide influence .
this article illustrate his main built works and the ideas behind them .
in this article the discuss was focused on the gardening achievement before wei and jin dynasties .
the variant coefficients of the od value within assay and between assays ranged from 2.9 to 7.2 % , and from 3.4 to 9.8 % respectivel y.
the 7-day-old pekin ducklings also showed nerves signs in 48h and died within 120h pi with the same dose of virus by the intravenous injection .
it was suggested that : 1the quantity of typical virus particle and their immunogenicity have positive correlation .
2the virus particles was hard to be found in the nerve myelin of mice brain .
3t he virus particles could be seen in the cytoplasm , but not in the nucleus .
mehtods : the main compounds from the roots of scrophularia ningpoensis were isolated and identified by chromatography and fabms , nmr etc.
the electron transfer rate constants of angoroside c with damp and dgmp were 4.2 108 and 10.3 108 l mol-1 s-1 ;
the electron transfer rate constants of acteoside with damp and dgmp were 5.3 108 and 20.2 108 l mo1-1 s-1 .
the wear resistance of the simulation specimens of welding haz was closely related to the form of eutectoid microstructure in phase .
the effects of plastic deformation inhomogeneity on spinnability and forming quality of ti-15-3 during the process of cold power spinning were studied .
mechanism of cryogenic treatment of al alloys was discussed with volume shrinkage and crystal plan turn .
panzhihua vanadic titanomagnetite ore deposit is characterized by high concentration of transition elements v , ti and fe etc.
semi-solid metal forming as a new near-net shape technology in 21 century generally attracts people 's attention .
the results show that the laser surface alloyed composite coatings have high hardness and good wear resistance .
the thermal stability of fully lamellar microstructures of ti-48al alloy after aging at 1 150c was studied .
action of ion channel on membrane is the key events of messenger transduction for excitable cells , which can be detected by the patch clamp technique .
it is proved that our results can be used in xknife treatment .
this paper presented an computerized fundus atlas system for windows . the classical normal and abnormal fundus photoes were digitalized and saved in real color image format .
the technique of the averaging including signal filtering and a periodic averaging , can enhance ep dedection .
the commercial ep machines also plot changes in latency between serial ep studies in order to detect trends in peak latency .
the ep data may be further processed following a-d conversion by digital filters .
the hardware and software design of the instrument was introduced in this paper . the instrument is of safty and good duplicity .
preliminary clinical experiments shows that it can reflect the state of body water with relative high sensitivity .
to study the effect of terbiaminazole on ergosterol biosynthesis in fungi .
terbiaminazole inhibited ergosterol biosynthesis and caused the concentration of lanosterol increased with a dose-dependent manner in fungi .
to compare the inhibitory activity to -lactamase of tazobactam with sulbactum .
the ki and ic50 values of tazobactam and sulbactum were measured .
the ki value of tazobactam was higher than that of sulbactum and the ic50 value of tazobactam was lower than that of sulbactum .
the inhibitory activity of tazobactam was stronger than that of sulbactum .
the pattern of drug release for 30 days in vitro fitted to zero order release plot , with an initial burst effect at the first day .
the exploitation of phbv microspheres as middle term-sustained drug release may lead to a prosperity in clinical use .
to study the preparation of isoniazid encapsulated niosome ( inh-ns ) and evaluate its quality .
the niosomes were prepared by hand-shaking method . the morphology of inh-ns , the entrapment efficiency and the stability of inh-ns were studies .
the inh-ns was stable for three months when stored in refrigerator or at room temperature .
to study the basic properties of ethylcellulose .
to determine the viscosity , intrinic viscosity , scanning electron micrograph ( sem ) and x-ray powder diffraction pattern ( xrd ) of ethylcellulose .
in the xrd profiles , the area ratio of two amorphous peaks of the domestic products was different from that of import .
the determined properties of ethylcellulose had some correlationship .
the sem and xrd of the domestic and import ethylcellulose products were different .
to study the pk / pd of netilmicin penetrated into the tissue of appendicitis .
penetration index ( pi ) and inhibitory quotient ( iq ) were calculated by auctissue / aucserum and cmax / mic ratios , respectively .
pi of netilmicin was 0.396 , and iq for different isolates from appendicitis were above 8 and 10 , respectively .
the results demonstrated that 0.3 g single bolus once daily may achieve optimal peak to mic ratios and satisfy with the treatment of patients with appendicitis .
the pharmacokinetics and relative bioavailability of dispersible tablet of co-trimexazole were studied in 10 healthy male volunteers .
tmax : ( 3.41 1.59 ) , ( 3.4 0.84 ) hand ( 1.48 0.83 ) , ( 1.50 0.81 ) h ;
auc ( 761 129.37 ) , ( 761.79 145.6 ) g.h.ml-1 and ( 26.91 3.89 ) , ( 26.96 4.71 ) g.h.ml-1 , respectively .
a ywg-c18 column ( 250 mm 4.6 mm id , particle size , 10 m ) was used ;
a regression equation was set up , the precision of the method and the recovery rates were measured .
regression equation was a = 19058.54m + 1352.66 , r = 0.9997 , over the range of 0.6375-6.4375 g ;
the rsd for the intra-day and inter-day was 1.15 % , 0.44 % , respectively ;
the mean recoveries were 108.48 % , 105.15 % and 109.53 % versus the added authentic sample at the concentrations of 122,244 and 488 g.ml-1 , respectively .
the peak value appeared between day 15 to day 17 under the given condition .
the method is sensitive and reproducible for the quantitative determination of the ergot fermentation product -ergocryptine .
to develop a new hplc method for the isolation and determination of ampicillin and its dergadation products .
chromatographed conditions included column : nova-pak c18 ;
mobile phase : 0.02 mol .
l-1 monobasic sodium phosphate ( nah2po4 ) solution ( ph4.5 ) -acetonitrile ( 95 : 5 ) ;
detection wave-lengths at 230 nm .
the method was simple , rapid , accurate and can be used to assay ampicillin and its degradation prouducts .
to determine potassium in chinese medicinal herb .
the samples were stoved , grinded down , sieved and then made into agar suspension .
test solutions were prepared by adding nacl solution to appropriate amounts of the suspension to eliminate ionization interference .
the test solutions were injected into air-acetylene flame . standard calibration method was used to calculate potassium .
this method is convenient and accurate .
it is possible to replace the ashing method by suspension sampling method for the determination of potassium in chinese medicinal herb by flame atomic absorption spectrometry .
amophophalloglueomanan sol viscosity decreased with temperature increase .
plasticizer made the viscosity raised and the mobility heighted .
reinforcer made the viscosity raised but the mobility descended .
in the english language the definition of the word " americanism " is wide and varied .
linguistically , however , it refers to a word , phrase , meaning or usage peculiar to americans .
the construction and development of americanisms are a product of the peculiar linguistic , geographic , historical and human environment in america .
there are some nature in symmetrical system of two black holes but in single black hole . it can explain some astronomical phenomena that we have observed .
these bounds show that the fault-tolerant properties of the twisted-cube connected networks are better than that of the hypercubes in a sense .
these experimental results show that soluble organic matters can be converted into intracellular polymers during initial aeration phase of activated sludge process .
the approximate algorithm of a nonliear bilevel integer programming for global optimization was disscussed .
to determine the pharmacokinetics and relative availability of domestic cefaclor .
the cumulative excretion rate in urine within 24 h was ( 69.15 6.66 ) % . the relative bioavailability of domestic cefaclor was 108.43 % .
no obvious adverse drug reactions were observed .
lipo pge1 is an effective and safe agent for treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathy .
no significant differences between groups were observed until the seventh weeks .
at 7 weeks mucitis in gluthion group was much fewer than that of the koutai group .
no side effects were observed in both groups .
gluthion is a valuable adjuvant for prevention of mucitis in patients with head and neck carcinnama receiving radiotherapy .
esmolol is effective in preventing cardiovascular stimulation induced by intubation but it is dose related .
to observe the efficacy of combination therapy of capsule catechu compositae and cisapride in treatment of reflux esophagitis .
the combination therapy of capsule catechu compositae and cisapride is more effective in treatment of reflux esophagitis than single cisapride therapy .
to observe the efficacy of stilamin in treatment of acute critical pancreatitis ( acp ) .
complications in active group are significant lower than those in the control group and no difference in mortality between groups .
stilamin is an effective and safe drug for treatment of acp .
the itr length of y81g4 strain is 125 base pairs ( bp ) , which is longer than those of other groupi , ii , iii aviadenoviruses .
4a tgacgt conserved sequence appears bet ween the 45th and 50th .
ovine adenovirus ( oav , 43.5 % ) >
human adenovirus type 12 ( had 12,26.4 % ) and bovine adenovirus type 1 ( bad1,26.4 % ) .
560 7-d-old chickens ( roman ) were divided into eight groups at random , each group has seventy chickens .
the chickens were vaccine d with astragalan , leutinan , compound polysaccharide and cyclophosphamide .
and agglutinate the red cells of guinea-pig and chicken , which could n't be inhibited by the presence of d-mannose .
the protein subunit of k88 fimbriae was 23500 dalton ;
k88 gene located on a plasmid about 85 kilobase pairs .
the s train incubated at 18c could n't express its k88 fimbriae .
the antibody is stable , titer is not change at 4c120d and -20c 180d storage .
the activities of gshpx and cat in each orgen also decreased significantly ( p < 0.05 ) ;
the content of lpo in each organ increased significantly ( p < 0.01 ) .
the differences of the outer membrance protein between serotype rc1 and rc2 had been discovered with sds_page .
pasteurella anatipestifer were isolated easily from head , heart and liver of diseased ducks .
the epidemiology and pathological changes about the case of naturally infected by nephropathogenic infectious bronchitis viruses were examined .
2 ) four pigs , each was injected the vaccine as above after two months of infection ;
3 ) two pigs , each was injected nothing .
by epidemic investigation detecting the sera 's ca , we confirmed that 25 pigs were infected naturally with cysticercosis .
effect of ibdv_ve on the growth and development of the bursa of fabricius during the period of chicken embroy and chickens were discussed .
a multiplex polymerase chain reaction was optimized to simultaneously detect four pathogens of ndv , ibv , iltv and mg in this article .
the results indicated that the test rate of milking cow non_dominant mammitis was 36.4 % .
the test rate and positive rate of mammary area in state owned farms was higher than that of private farms .
the results of thermodynamical calculation are basically concordance with the measured results . the standard equilibrium potential of ash3 evolution is absolutely more positive than -0.608v .
in the processing of the purification of copper electrolyte , the separation of copper and arsenic by electrowinning of controlling cathodic potential can prevent ash3 from evolving effectively .
a molecular dynamics ( md ) simulation was carried out on molten na2o-b2o3 at 1073k .
it showed that the calculated vibrational density of states is consistent with raman spectra measured by yu . k. voronko et al .
the kinetics on the thermal decomposition of mnco3 was investigated . the parameters in the kinetic equations were worked out .
the results showed that the decomposition reaction of mnco3 follows the shrinking core model , and the control step is chemical reaction ;
the crystallization process was investigated by dta , xrd and sem .
it was found that tio2 and fe2o3 can efficiently induce nucleation and crystallization . when the tio2 content is fewer than 10 % , the surface crystallization occurs .
the results suggested that nh2oh .
h2o and sucrose can inhibit the deposition of cuo , but can not inhibit the deposition of copper in the electrolysis process .
calcium gluconate can not only effectively prevent the deposition of spongy copper powder on the cathodes , but also reduce the cuo content in the cu2o product .
ultrafine grinding aids of limestone and its grinding promotion mechanism have been investigated .
the activity of ultrafine grinding aids depends on their dispersity ;
among of them the first two methods are the extension of the net-value method .
there is a good connection between the mg-li-al matrix and sic whiskers . no compound was found on the interface of the composites .
the relationships between the density , bending strength and grain size of the sintered compact and the quantity of additives , sintering temperature , sintering time were investigated .
the activated sintering kinetics of boron carbide with carbon as activator were also researched , the results showed that the main transport mechanism was grain boundary diffusion .
experiments on semi-solid slurry forming were carried out by practical electromagnetic stirring-continuous casting method .
in the process of rolling , twin must be avoided in order to increase the strength of the c orientation .
a surface age-hardening alloy of fe-co-w-mo was formed on the surface of ingot iron by the double glow plasma surface alloying technique ( dgpsa ) .
and also the hardness of the surface age-hardening alloy exceeds 720hv0.2 after tempering for 2h at 700c .
the surface high speed steel and its high propeties are obtained by surface alloying with w-mo , carburizing , quenching and tempering .
w-mo alloy layer is formed by double glow plasma alloying process .
to dissolve the intermetallics which precipitated from the matrix of the layer , a solution heat treatment is conducted .
the carburized alloyed layer possesses high density of finery and dispersed alloy carbides for the high concentrations of w , mo and their affinities with carbon .
microstructures of the carburized alloyed layer are analysised in detail by tem .
then the compacts were pseudo-hiped , in which both the material synthesis and near net shaping were realized at one step .
the primary results in diesel stand test using those valves prepared above showed that the diesel properties have met the requirements for practical application .
the effects of yttrium on the charge-discharge behaviour and surface structure of lithium-aluminium alloy anode were studied .
the charge-discharge process of lithium-aluminium alloy anode is controlled by the diffusion of lithium in it .
the higher of the concentration of co , the lower of the cycling properties . the reasons of poison was analyzed through xps and xrd .
the phase structure was studied by x-ray diffraction analysis .
the behaviours of the initial depositing stage of electroless ni-co-p alloy plating on nickel and carbon steel by special sample preparation methods and tem was studied .
it is evidently that there are the phenomena of preferred orientation as well as inhomogeneity during the initial depositing process .
the infiltration dynamics of simulant liquid under negative pressure was studied by simulation test in accordance with the laws of similitude .
on the basis of similarity criterion , the infiltration process of molten aluminum in the prototype is similar to that of simulant liquid in the model .
the method of synthesis lanolin fatty acids is studied . the optimum operating condition of extraction condition is given .
the yield of lanolin fatty acids is 92.4 % . the product turns out according with external product .
using two kinds of solvents and twice new process of extraction for making high-pure soybean power phosphatide .
there had always been the blood viscosity changes after 25 days raising and then the change remained stable until 60 days .
recent development of in vivo body composition studies has been reviewed .
related in vivo measurement techniques are discussed .
the experimental results show the centroid method has an advantage over the maximum gray level method .
respiratory dynamic s and concentrations of respiratory gases were monitored with datex ultima monitor .
petco2 , mve , v co2 and vo2 before co2 insufflation were significantly lower than that before induction of anesthesia .
paw remarkably rose and mve markedly decreased during early co2 insufflat ion .
based on the fuzzy mathematical prinicpl e , a fuzzy integral model on forecasting the cancerational tendency of hydatidifor m mole was established .
110 cases comfirmed diagnosis were retrosely proved by t his model . its valid rate is 89 % .
the basic concept and principle of a model of blurred s yntheticl evaluation was introduced .
the practice of this model was introduced by forensic medicine examples .
this study was to explore the relationship between prognosis and chromosome changes in chronic myelogenous leukemia ( cml ) in blastic crisis .
the praparations were pairde and the data were analyzed after taking a photograph under the microscope .
before blastic crisis , philadelphia chromosome ( ph ) were positive in 18 cases , and negative in 2 patients .
additional chromosome abnormalities appeared in 4 patients prior to the development of blastic crisis in clinical and hematologic examination .
all of patients were dead except that 2 were beyond supervision . the median survival after blastic crisis was only 2.2 months .
in the chronic phase of cml ( before blastic crisis ) , chromosomal abnormalities besides ph indicate an unfavorable prognosis .
to evaluate quality of life of 40 patients with acute leukemia after receiving chemotherapy treatments .
the quality of life is the worst after chemotherapy 2nd-3rd ;
quality of life in remission period rose more obviously than those in 1st week , 2nd-3rd after chemotherapy ( p < 0.01 ) ;
the table can be used as a good index well for evaluating the quality of life of patients with acute leukemia .
chemotherapy is one of the most important facts that affects quality of life with acute leukemia .
with elisa , apaap and rhg methods , we determined sil-2r , cd4 , cd8 , and ph1 chromosome .
our purpose was to investigate the expression of cd44s and cd44v6 in gastric lymphoma , and correlate the expressions with several clinicopathological parameters .
the tissue distribution of cd44s and cd44v6 were determined by immunohistochemistry methods .
a substantial positive expression of cd44v6 was observed in highly malignant gastric lymphoma ( 38 % ) , whereas it is negative in nearly all lowly malignant ones .
cd44s tpositive rates in clinical stage i and stage ii-iv were 30 % and 75 % , respectively .
the expression of cd44s and cd44v6 were correlated with aggressive histological features , and cd44s expression increased as the clinical stage progressed .
our aims were to investigate the clinical sense of density of microvessel and expression of p53 in cervical carcinoma , and to evaluate correlation between them .
degree of malignant of cervical carcinoma had a close correlation with microvessel density and p53 expression .
we retrospectively reviewed 44 patients with bladder cancer to study whether the expression of ki-67 , pcna , and nm23 predicts recurrence and progression .
the specimens of bladder cancer were immunostained with ki-67 , pcna , and nm23 .
there are less evidence in correlation between the recurrence rate , the stage , and the expression of nm23 .
aim : to observe the g-2964a and c734a genetic polymorphisms of human cypia2 in chinese population .
polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism ( pcr-rflp ) was employed in genotyping analysis .
the allele frequencies of a-2964 were 0.25 and 0.22 in qidong and changsha populations , respectively .
the incidences of a734 were 0.68 in qidong population and 0.66 in changsha population .
no more than two low-inducibility / activity alleles were presented in one person .
the favourite pathway is translation from the aligned bridge site to the nearest cross-bridge site , with a rotation by 30 simultaneously .
comparing the results thus derived , the kinematical discrepancy between each subset of stars is analyzed , and the possible reasons of the differences are discussed . key words
it get worm in troposphere and cold in stratosphere . that is the reason for the differential rotation of the atmosphere .
the depletion of ozone and el nin ~ o are the result of the differential rotation and energy exchange .
when ozone content is found to be less than usual , it is natural that chemists would look for some chemical reaction which may deplete it .
shaoxing duck is a famous chinese laying-type duck , with characteristics of early sexual maturation , small body size and excellent egg production .
the percentages of overall apoptosis and early apoptosis were higher in shaoxing ducks than in gaoyou ducks , which confirmed the result from the first study .
it is not conclusive whether different methods of myocardial protection have a distinct effect on postoperative atrial arrhythmias ( aa ) .
group a ( n = 6 ) received continuous warm blood cardioplegia and was maintained at a systemic temperature of 38c throughout the experiment .
group b ( n = 6 ) received cold crystalloid cardioplegia at 31c and topical hypothermia .
the arterial cannula was placed in the right femoral artery .
however further studies are needed to elucidate the underlying mechanisms of postoperative aa .
to induce immune tolerance to the allograft so as to provide theoretical and practical basis for anti-rejection of cardiac allograft .
the experimental animals were divided into five groups .
control group : no treatment to the recipients before transplantation ;
group 1 : the recipients received 50-80mg / kg cyclophosphamide on the 2nd day after pretreatment ;
group 2 : the recipients received 5-10 107 spleen cells on the day of pretreatment ;
preconditioning with spleen cells followed by cyclophosphamide can prolong the cardiac allograft survival time in rat .
the pretreatment of spleen cells followed by cyclophosphamide can induce donor 's immune tolerance to specific cardiac allograft .
to investigate the protective effect of the best intra-alveolar oxygen concentration and temperature on the ischemia-reperfusion lung injury .
conclusion ( 1 ) the ischemia-reperfusion injury to isolation lung reduces significantly the content and activity of sp .
to observe the pathological changes and the effect of platysma myocutaneous flap ( pmcf ) used for cervical esophageal reconstruction .
the results and physiological changes of esophagus in 33 patients after pmcf used to reconstruct cervical esophagus were retrospected .
the skin transplanted into esophagus had no significant changes in dogs in 6 months after operation .
the pmcf is one of the good options for cervical esophageal reconstruction .
myocardial reperfusion injury may lead to the outcomes including reperfusion arrhythmias , myocardial stunning and cell death .
studies have suggested a significant role of both the cardiac renin-angiotensin system ( ras ) and the function of endothelial cells of coronary vessels in myocardial reperfusion injury .
gastroesophageal reflux ( ger ) in children is defined as the gastric and duodenal contents refluxing into esophagus duo to afunction of low esophageal sphincter .
the symptoms of ger include regurgitation , heartburn , infant irritation , dysphagia , hemorrhage , stricture , malnutrition , aspiration , apnea , anaemia and so on .
the latter 4 tests are not only applied for diagnosis of ger , but also used to assess the efficacy of treatment .
continued follow-up remains necessary to confirm the long-term efficacy of the partial fundoplication procedure .
to evaluate the efficacy and safety of fosmyc in trometamol powder ( fuanxin ) in treatment of intestinal and urinary bacterial infections .
35 patients with intestinal infections and 29 patients with urinary infections were treated with fosfomycin trometamol powder in a daily dose of lbag forl bag for 3 days .
a total effective rate of 100 % and 93.1 % for intestinal and urinary infections were obrained respectively .
fosfomycin trometamol powder is an effective and safe agent for treatment of intestinal and urinary bacterial infections .
to observe the effects of mycophenolate mofetil ( mmf ) in regimen of immunosupression on recipients of renal transplantation with renal failur e.
the study was conducted in 36 patients with renal all ograft dysfunction secondary to chronic allograft rejection .
the side effects of mmf observed are mostly reversible and within the acceptable range .
the long-term effects of mmf in treament of chronic renal rejection need to be determined by further follow up .
the classfication , structure-activity relationship , and progression in research of 5 -reductase inhibitors were reviewed .
to study the effects of total salvianolic acid ( sal ) on focal cerebral ischemic injury and antioxidase activities .
focal cerebral ischemia in rats was produced by 24h occlusion of the middle cerebral artery ( mcao ) and 2 or 24h reperfusion .
the activities of 4 antioxidases in ischemic tissue of brain were analyzed .
however , the activities of all the enzymes mentioned above were significantly decreased 24h after reperfusion .
the activities of sod , gsh-px , and catalase under reperfusion could be risen further by sal but no effect on gsh-st .
the dissolution of nio cathode is one of the " bottleneck " problems in the commercialization of molten carbonate fuel cell .
it has been found that the solubility of nio in li2co3-na2co3 melt is around 5 10-6 ( mole fraction ) under co2 atmosphere and 650c .
and the additives lifeo2 or nafeo2 for the hindrance of nio dissolution in mcfc tend to react with co2 to form the -fe2o3 in the operation of mcfc .
x-ray diffraction ( xrd ) and scanning electron microscope ( sem ) were used to characterize the chromium deposits .
filament was observed on the fracture surface of the specimens showing superplasticity .
also , strengthening fibre / matrix interface and improving fibre quality are considered to improve resistance to thermal fatigue crack of composites .
tib and tic reinforced ti matrix composites have been produced in situ by common casting and hot-forging technology .
an explosive bonded ly12 laminate plate was applied to investigate the effect of interface bonding strength on fatigue crack propagation path .
the oxidation resistance of sputtered ni-5c r-5al ( mole fraction , % ) coating in air at 1000c was investigated .
moreover , the hydrogen permeation resistance of aluminum coatings was improved to a certain extent after laser remelting .
ller 's model . results showed that coercive mechanism is not changed by doping sn .
the reduction of localized effective demagnetic field improves the coercivity of nddyfebsn .
above 150 c , more effective pin-site can be formed by doping sn .
intermediate phase lixmno2 and final spinel phase limn2o4 also occurred if mno2 or lixmno2 were electrochemically lithiated at 500 c.
the appearance of the large sic particles resulted in the decrease of fracture strength .
the morphology and structure of the sma thin film of ti-43.27 % ni formed by h cd sputter-deposition on glass substrates were studied .
the courses of degassing and regassing of degassi ng hydrogen in aluminum melt were studied .
in addition a method of using stress wave coefficient , k , to evaluate preliminarily the designed piston was proposed .
no obvious iron deletion was observed in the alloy beneath the internal oxidation region .
band gap width of sulfide mineral , work function , adsorption of reagents , solution property and ion strength of solution can affect edge level of sulfide mineral .
the results show that c0 ( bi ) , c0 ( cl ) and ph are the important factors to the stabilization zone of each solid .
the reason that distinctive phases of residue formed was also discussed .
the reaction between calcium oxide or calcium hydroxide and aluminat e solution with heavy caustic soda was studied .
when more amount of cao was added into the aluminate solution , the slurry 's swell changed the system into paste .
the flow and temperature fields in the waste boiler have been simulated .
the dynamic unstability of free surfaces of rock mass can be described by the model .
an optimization starting control system was introduced . the control strategy and the framework of hardware , were introduced in detail .
the effect of phosphorus on in718 alloy was studied .
with increasing content of phosphorus from 0.003 % to 0.03 % , the stress-rupture life increases firstly and then decreases and reaches the peak value at 0.025 % .
phosphorus does not appears to modify the stress exponent but influences the apparent activation energy for creep markedly .
the beneficial effects of phosphorus mainly arise from the suppression of diffusion along grain boundary and the improvement of grain boundary -phase .
the microstructural evolution of supersaturated zac27 alloy and its damping capacities were investigated systematically in the period of natural ageing .
sequentially , the damping capacity decreases gradually , and reaches a constant value of 4 10-3 after 50 d natural ageing .
the results also indicate that solid-solution + water quenching + natural ageing is the best heat treatment technique to improve the damping capacity of the zac27 alloy substantially .
the values of the mass ablation rate and linear ablation rate are in the order of w >
30 % ticp / w > 40 % ticp/w .
mechanical erosion and thermochemical oxidation are the main ablation mechanisms of ticp / w composites .
the mechanical properties and the micro-yield strength of 2024 al alloy are improved by thermal-cooling cycling treatment following double-stage ageing .
the influence mechanism of double-stage ageing on the properties of 2024 al alloy after thermal-cooling cycling treatment was observed by tem .
the effects of rare earth elements ce , la and m-re on electrical conductivity of industrial aluminum were studied .
the results indicate that the mixed rare earth element can n't cause the improvement of electrical conductivity of aluminum .
the mechanism of pure rare earth elements improving electrical conductivity of industrial aluminum was also discussed .
al-zro2-si3n4 composites were sintered at high temperature ( 1400c ) and ultra-high pressure ( 4.2gpa ) .
the effects of al on the t m zro2 phase transformation and the toughness increment of sintered si3n4 were investigated by xrd and mechanical tests .
this technology has its advantages , and may be practicable and valuable .
the valence electron structures of tib2 and zrb2 phases were analyzed on the basis of yu 's empirical electron theory of solids and molecules .
the valence electron number of each bond in tib2 and zrb2 phases was calculated by using bond length difference ( bld ) method .
the strength of tib2 and zrb2 phases may be judged by the ratio of nc to nt .
the effect of al3ti4b / al10sr on zl107 alloy was investigated .
aes analysis proved that the oxide film of mixed mgo and al2o3 are deposited on the alloy surface .
sem observation of the component change of oxide film after electron bombardment showed that mgo is partially decomposed .
al4b2o9 reacts withal , and forms al18b4o33and bat about 1 050 c ;
al18b4o33 reacts withal and forms al2o3 and bat higher temperatures . the reduced b is amorphous .
two kinds of crystal structure of bn were synthesized by shs with thermite reaction in nitrogen at high pressures , one is hexagonal , the other is cubic .
the experimental results show that the softening point can reflect the property of wear-resistance of the matrix ;
analysis results show that temperature cycling leads to stress cycling and the later leads to thermal ratchetting effect and the accumulation of inelastic strain .
furthermore , stress-strain distribution in the solder joints has dynamic feature during temperature cycling and is related to temperature history .
interface void damage is the failure characteristic of solder joint under temperature cycling .
analysis results showed that it is easiest for void damage to occur in the high temperature holding time during temperature cycling history .
a model of friction coefficient of aluminum matrix hybrid composite was proposed .
the first part was described by a regression equation using an exponential function . the second part can be induced from the classic friction theory of molecular-mechanics .
two key problems encountered in the application of bp network were discussed and the solutions were given .
based upon energy band model of electrochemical separation , new organic depressants can be developed .
the electrochemical ac impedance for measuring the resistance of cao-sio2-al2o3-feox slag system was worked out .
the experimental results suggest that the temperature coefficient decreases as the content of iron oxide in slag increases .
based on monod formula , a responsive mathematical model for a certain kind of thiobacillus ferrooxidans named td-10 growing in the substrate containing ferrous ion was built up .
the result showed that the carbonation can be divided into two stages , i.e. a constant rate stage and a falling rate stage .
they content in deposited film increases with the shift of cathode potential to negative direction .
the result verifies that the macrocharacter of the slope slide is controlled by the relief of residual tectonics stress and waterfilm of the weak layer .
properly selecting parameters to avoid stronger multicollinearity is a key to efficient estimation of parameters .
the microstructures of spray deposited al-20 % si and al-30 % si alloys were investigated .
in addition , a self-designed simulant solidification experiment verified this view .
the morphology and the size of si were also studied .
the effects of enhanced solution of second phases on the microstructure and mechanical properties of alloys 7075 and 2024 were studied .
in contrast to alloy 2024 , the second phases in alloy 7075 can dissolve more completely .
fracture cracks expand mainly along the interface , also may pass through small amount of si3n4 grains .
the mechanical properties of sic particulate-reinforced aluminum matrix composite sheets via p/m technique at ambient and elevated temperatures were investigated .
it is also found that the strength of these materials decreases and the ductility increases with increasing temperature .
the numerical modeling of the particle distribution in the centrifugal force field was established by using continuity theory and the moving law of particle .
the theory and experiment results were in good agreement .
the effect of current pulse on the dynamics of recrystallization in 2091 al-li alloy has been investigated .
metallographic observation results showed that current pulse accelerates recrystallization , and decreases the size in diameter of grains fully recrystallized .
by using laser cladding , ticp / al composite has been in-situ synthesized on the zl104 alloy surface .
when being melted , magnesium alloys were prone to burn heavily , so special measures must be taken to protect it from ignition .
alloying is a effective method to keep magnesium alloy from burning intensively .
the thermodynamic forming processes of the oxide films were also explained by constructing a simplified model .
when alloy elements of be and ca were added , the ignition-proof property was improved significantly .
the structure and chemical compositions of the oxide film were investigated by xrd and aes .
we reported the evaluation results of fatty acids on the 9801,9901 and catalysts . the results were also compared with those obtained on the catalysts made abroad .
this paper diseussed design experience about agitator equipment according to oil refining special feature .
propellant agitator ( usually three paddles ) is the most fittest for vegetable oil mixing with bleaching earth .
critical suspending rotation speed for mixing is 314 r/min , and axle power is 156w with direct count method ;
in fact , design turn speed is 315 r/min , axle power is 2.2 kw .
the flavor , acid value , color , peroxide value of crude palm oil by expelling of instant noodle residue are all exceed the standard .
in the our experiments , the process of degumming , alking refining , decoloring and de-flavored is used .
the quality of the final oil basically conform to the nation standard .
at the same time , the oxidative stability of the final oil is further studied by oven teat .
the refining technology of poor pork fat has been studied , and the best technical parameters have been obtained in this paper .
the result shows : the quality of the poor park fat can be improved much by the correct refining processing .
the fishy smell in eel oil could be removed effectively treating with alkaline thinning ethanol .
the accuracy of the results proved that the method is available .
with decreasing laser beam scanning rate , the volume fraction of reinforced phase increases , the microhardness of the samples increases and the wear resistance is improved .
the comparison between the calculated and the experimental results shows that the error of prediction is 5 % ~ 10 % .
during the isothermal constant strain rate compression process , the effect of deformation heating on flow stress increases with increasing equivalent strain rate .
when the equivalent strain rate is relatively low , this influence can be neglected and the compression process can be considered as an isothermal process .
while the equivalent strain rate is high , this influence is of importance and the compression process can be approximately considered as an adiabatic process .
the effect of electromagnetic induction heating on the temperature field and the microstructures in the nondendritic semi-solid alsi7mg alloy billets cast continuously was investigated .
through the quantitative graph analysis of cavity , a new model of the cavity evolution was presented .
the surface ceramic coating on aluminum alloy was investigated by means of xrd , xps , sem and tem .
the phase structure of the ceramic-coating includes -al2o3 , alpo4 and coo .
the ceramic coating looks like islands and islets .
the ceramic coating and the matrix are integrated metallurgically .
fabrication techniques , microstructure and oxidation resistance of coated carbon-carbon composites were studied .
show that carbon-carbon composites with multi-layer coatings lose only 10.37 % of mass after being oxidized in air at 1 173 k for 10 h.
the diffusion coefficient of la3 + in lacl3-licl-dmso system at 298k was 3.1 10-6cm2.s-1 .
the diffusion coefficient and transfer coefficient of ni2 + in nicl2-licl-dmso system at 298k were 3.6 10-6cm2.s-1 and 0.16 , respectively .
potentiostatic and current constant electrolysis were used to prepare la-ni-co alloy films .
hematite was successfully removed from kaolinite by shear-flocculation , when sodium oleate was used .
the oxidation of cu-cr alloys having uniform two-phase microstructure and particle size of 30-40 m prepared by powder metallurgy was studied .
this indicated that the oxidation behavior in two-phase alloy can be deeply affected by the shape , size and spatial distribution of the two-phase particles .
the oxidative stability index ( osi ) of many kinds of oils and fats is tested in this text with the oxidative stability instrument .
this paper studied ultroviolet spectrometry method for the detection of adulterated sesame oil .
this method can check the sesame oil purity quantitatively with simple operation and few reagent .
psoralea corylifolia was extracted with three different solvents , namely ether , ethy1 acetate and methanol .
of antioxidaive activity tests showed ether extract had the optimumeffect .
its physico-chemical properties and spectrometry proved the compound was psoralidin .
in this paper , the influential factors of resulting in di-and monoglycerides by glycerolysis of corn oil , using lipase enzyme as a catalyst were studied .
new catalysts suitable for hydrogenation of food oils have been prepared by means of precipitation method and by chemical mixing procedure .
effccts of preparation methods and preparation conditions on activities of the catalysts were studied .
precipitation method affects ni contents and activities of the catalysts .
ni contents coud be controlled and the catalysts with high surface areas could be prepared by chemical mixing procedure .
the optimum content of ni element in ni/ diatomite is about 17 % and in ni / sio2 is about 20 % .
the results show that peroxide value of oxidated oil reduces by three methods in different degree .
light can be more destructive to lycopene than darkness .
the difficulty of degumming storage-damaged soybean crude oil and high phosphorous content of degummed oil are apparently related to chemical changes of the phospholipids compositions .
the unique rheology of the lecithin-water system has lead to processing difficulties in the drying of lecithin .
two types of dryer a re used in lecithin processing .
the first is a vacuum batch dryer equipped with rotating ball-shaped coils through which water circulate to maintain the lecithin at 70c ~ 80c .
although this drying method minimizes charring , it suffers from long drying time and difficulties in consistently reducing the moisture levels to below 1 % .
the second type of dryer is continuous , thin-film evaporators . there are two types , operating on the vertical or horizontal axis .
horizontal film evaporators have the following advantages : large capacity per unit area ; short drying time ; adjustability of thickness of film ; adequate process control .
one method to improve fluid flow without compromising product quality would be to confine process temperature in creases to around the evaporator outlet .
the difficulties associated with lecithin gum drying may be avoided by the addition of oil prior to entering the evaporator .
protein modification using enzymatic or chemical modification is important tool for tailoring food proteins into products with very different functional properties .
glycerolysis is a very complex unit operation .
this is useful for better organizing sfe experiment and obtain the optimal sfe parameters of a material .
due to the properties of different materials , their thermal effects induced by microwave are varied greatly .
the temperature respond mechanisms of pure water and vegetable oils were mainly investigated during microwave irradiation in this parer .
it was found that the temperature respond mechanisms are changed with the increasing of microwave radiation intensity .
according to the results , the temperature measurement properties whih t-thermocouple during microwave irradiation were also discussed .
( 2 ) the fertility restoration genes in three restorers for mi cms ( ning r1 , ning r3 and ning r4 ) were allelic ;
( 3 ) the cytoplasm of ning r1 and ning r4 were male fertile , but that of ning r2 and ning r3 were male sterile .
showed that the chromosome number in somatic cells of disomic addition line , 92i1096 , was 2n = 40 .
and the chromosome number in somatic cells of reciprocal hybrid between 92i1096 and ningyou 10 were 2n = 39 .
it is indicating that the two homologous alien chromosomes in the disomic addition line 92i1096 transmitted to next generation by male or female gametes with an equal frequency .
at late anaphase , 93.6 % of the dyad observed showed a chromosome configuration of 20 + 19 .
4 ) genetic analysis for cross progenies indicated that the imcompatibility of soybean cultivar and rhizobial strain was controlled by the dominant allele of the host .
the media contained higher concentration of naa could increase the efficiency of organogenesis in soybeans .
it has been recommended for extension in groundnut producing areas in south and central china .
the results showed two recessive genes ( ol1ol1ol2ol2 ) controlling the high oleic acid trait and showed simple monogenic inheritance in f2 and bcn + 1s1 generation .
in the meantime , each province , city and autonomous region maintained its local materials .
( 2 ) progenies of 3 male sterile plants from 9410 had fertility segregation in m2 generation , the sterility was controlled by genes .
it is well known that the osmotic stress may induce active oxygen generation and cause injuries to some plant species at various degrees .
the osmotic stress strength was in direct proportion to the amount of o2- generation .
the trend of change in mda contents was similar to that in o2-
generation rate . in certain range of stress strength , the activity levals of sod , pod and cat corresponded to the change in o2- .
and the contents of gsh and asa decreased rapidly during heavy osmotic stress .
there was a positive correlation between increase of cytoplasmic membrant permeability , the leaf osmotic potential decrease and increment of mda content .
the peanut variety baipi no. 1 was stranger drought resistance than other two peanut varieties , quanhua no. 10 and shanyou 71 .
the dynamics of canopy apparent photosynthesis ( cap ) in sunflower population reached a single peak at about 12 : 00 ~ 14 : 00 pm .
the contribution of upper-middle leaves was over 82 % . among different growth stages , the maximum cap and daily dry matter accumulation reached in full blooming stage .
at the filling stage , the cap began to decrease but the accumlative ratio of dry matter in the reproductive organs was highest .
indicated that acetosyringone and agno3 play important roles in differentiation and green shoot forming of rape ;
kanamycin seriously affect green shoot forming . a preliminary molecular biology identification was carried out with those green shoots .
showed that 4 of 8 green shoots produced the expected fragment in 1.1kb in pcr .
the leaf senescence phase of fu 8707 was earlier than that of luhua no. 11 .
the result showed that the yield of rapeseed and oil content increased significantly by the increase of the amount of p , mo application .
effects of soybean specific fertilizer on adverse resistance of soybean in rotation and soybean continuous cropping were investigated by pot and field plot experiments .
zheng 77249 and its derived germplasms should be used in soybean breeding in huang-huai valley .
the results also showed cms and gms were different types in activated oxygen metabolism mechanics .
according to the development characteristic of suyou no. 1 , the cultural technics were pointed as follows : early seeding at appropriate period to cultivate strong seedling ;
praperly transplanting to control basic population ;
reasonable application of chemical controlling to inhance ability of unti-negative factors ;
appropriate application of fertilizer ensure achievement of high-yield productivity .
during germinating period , the respiratory intensity was lower than that of the control at the first , but increased rapidly afterwards ;
this indicated that the increasing of vigour index through pretreatment with peg have interned relations with the increasing of avtivity oxygen metabolism .
the increase of one-seed pod and decrease of three-seed pod and the numbers of pod per plant led to reduction of the numbers of grain per plant .
the constant low temperature at blooming hinded podding and seedfilling of soybean seriously .
the trail result suggested that summer soybean sown in autumn in zhumadian was feasibe .
the desirable early sowing of vegetable peanut by double-film mulch could make fresh peanut pods available in market early and hence increase the benefits of peanut cultivation .
six sowing date were tested to investigate the effect of early sowing on the fresh pod yield , output value , profit and growth of peanut .
that was 1 flower bud primordium phase ;
2 dichotomous bract primordium phase ;
3 calyx primordium phase ;
4 pistil and stamen primordium phase ;
5 corolla primordium phase ;
6 microsporocyte phase ; 7 tetrad phase ;
8 single-nuclear pollen grains phase ;
9 2-nuclear pollen grains phase ;
10pollen grain mature phase .
it was discovered that peanut seeds had possessed seven inflorescence primordiums , and the formation of female and male gametophyte was n't synchronism .
all three growth regulators increased the pn and chl of two genotypes under flooding condition .
it appeared high yield , good quality , moderate growing period and strong resistance .
the changes of soil available band mo content had not significant relation with band mo uptaken by peanut .
six peanut varieties with different tolerance to aluminum were carried on solution culture to investigate the effect of al stress on nutrient element absorption at seedling stage .
the effects of treatments d4 , d5 , d11 , d12 , d14 , d16 were better than those of the others .
cra02 was the best among the 5 types of cra used .
gyf had difference in three genes , and thew gene had epistatic effect , one w was enough to restrain the express of yf and gyf .
and it furnished fresh evidence in ( 5 genuses , 7 species and 2 varieties ) palynology for genetic and morphological taxonomy .
the hydrophobicity values ( q value ) of four rapeseed isolated proteins were from 1146.98cal / mol to 1220.89cal/mol .
among water stress experiment , flower bud abortion had not significant relation with leaf decreased , although there were relation between amount of flower bud with leaf decreased .
it is suggested that rates of flower bud abortion were important to evaluate peanut drought-tolerance in seedling stage .
the lines with resistance to bacterial wilt were also identified as resistant to late leafspot and rust .
the interation effect of inoculation with two rhizobia strains or r hizobium and bacillus mucilaginosus was not stable .
the somatic embryos developed into shoot on ms + ba 10mg / l medium , and shoot regeneration rate were 36.3 % ~ 77.8 % .
the regeneration plant were transferred to greenhouse after rooting on ms + naa 0.3mg / land they could flower and set pod normally .
nuclear gene appeared to be partial dominant with additive effect and the dominance level varied among varieties ( lines ) .
the dominance level of the chinese resistant line , 020 , was 22.08 % and that of norin 9 from france was 6.01 % .
the phenotypic diversity value indicated that the northeastern plain and southwestern hilly land of hebei had greater diversity .
in northeastern japan the populations had 96.5 % tia and 3.5 % tib , and 22 % of the populations were mixed of tia and tib .
the new castor cultivar zhebi no. 4 was bred by tongliao academy of agricultural sciences . it appeared high yield , good quality , disease-resistant and wide adaptablity .
it has been recommended for extension in castor producing areas in north china .
the factors including variety selection and cultural approaches affecting the growth and development of summer-sown oil sunflower after wheat harvest were investigated in yuncheng district of shanxi province .
the yield of a high-yielding hybrid sunflower cultivar , g101 , was 2 463kg / hm2 , which outyielded other varieties by 8.7 % ~ 55.2 % .
from this experiment , culturing mushroom could be a new way for comprehensive ultilization of rapeseed coat .
safflower seed oil is a kind of high-quality edible plant oil .
the sterol consisted of eight components , while both triterpene alcohol and 4-methylsterol consisted of four components .
no significant difference in phosphorus content was found among the rapeseed cultivars involved .
absorption of nitrogen in seedling stage in the double-low cultivars was higher than that in the double-high cultivars which absorbed more in flowering stage .
in other words , the ratio of root / shoot was relatively higher under low phosphorus treatment .
( 2 ) the shoot part of a great many of soybean genotype plants accumulates more percentage phosphorus under low phosphorus treatment .
the higher rvpper value was , the greater shoot phosphorus uptake ( spu ) was , and vice versa .
the dimethachlon-resistant mutants had a weaker capacity of producing sclerotia and were more sensitive to osmotic pressure than their parents and carbendazim resistant isolates .
the results showed that dimethachlon-resistant mutants had lower pathogenicity and competition capacity than their parents isolates and carbendazim-resistant isoltes .
cntf can enhance the proliferation of l6-tg cells and newborn sd rat primary skeletal muscle cells in culture .
cntf is of trophic function on muscle cells in culture .
the neurotrophic and myotrophic effect of cntf may play an important role in the treatment of nerve-muscle injury and retrogress ion .
aim : acute lung injury ( ali ) of rabbits was treated by nebulizing exogenous surfactant ( ps ) to observe inspiratory dose and distribution of ps .
resutts : 10 % cbs could promote the forming of cfu-gm of bmc directly , no matter what blood group the cbs or bmc were of .
20 % mcbs could also directly promote the forming of cfu-e .
it may be a fine prospects of clinical appliance .
in contrast to the thrombin group , thrombin plus pentoxifylli ne ( ptx ) siginificantly decreased the tf activity of astrocytes ( p < 0.05 ) .
sv may selectively increase the expression of pdyn mrna in the hippocampus of epileptic susceptible rats .
we postulate that this effect may be one of the important antiepileptic susceptibility cellular and molecular mechanisms of s v.
mean artery pressure ( map ) were decreased significantly ( p < 0 . 01 ) .
there were no significantly changes in map and serum no3 or plasma et after infusion of placebo .
hanp influence serum on production and plasma et secretion and may play an important role in improving the pathophasialogy changes in patients with pih .
the levels d plasma et-1 in patients with pih were signitficantly higher htan those in healthy pregnancies ( p < 0.01 ) .
it is found in the study that alcohol causes noticeable damage to the liver cells in rat embryo .
the main pictures are as follows : distended rough endoplasmic retieula ; remarkably decreased number of rough endoplasmic relicula and degranulstion ;
dilatated and vacuolized smooth endoplssmic reticola ;
swollened nad deformed mitochondria ; destroyed structure of mitoehondria ;
remarkable decrease in glycogenosomes , even disapparence of glycogenosomes .
in the control group , which consisted of 30 cases of benign ovarian and uterine tumors , there were only 3cases of chromosome aberration .
the incidence of aidrration of chromosome in the study group is significantly higher than that in the control group ( p < 0.01 ) .
in the patients with malignant neoplasms , exitsmce of chromosome aberration predicted highly malignant in terms of cither clinical metastasis or pathological grading .
to observe meiosis chromes and search for the relation between the aberrant meiosis chromosome and infertilernen .
different samples of infertile male showed dramatic changes ( p < 0.005 ) in the fission phases of different spermatogenic cells ;
dirrect low osmotic pressure have certain valualabe meaning to diagnose the cause of the infertile men ;
spermatogenic chromosome aberration and meiosis changes are the cause of the infertility in men .
studies on the relationship of cic , ige and the damage of blood vessel endothelial cells of pih .
cic by peg-naf sendimentafion colorimetry . ige by sensitive and specific elisa .
objective ; to investigate the relationship betweent the macrosomia and the levels of leptin .
leptin in cord blood is derived from placental and fetal .
fetal macrosomia are associated.with leptin levels .
the vertical propagation of hbv , hcv between puerpers and their infants and the congeiaitsl infection of infants were investigated by molecular biology methods .
uitrasonogram follow the tracks of fetuse of the risk population , to guides obstetrical handle , and for raise population quality is of gzeat significance .
approaching the ways to reduce the perinatal mortality .
analyzing changing of the parturition from according to 17784 cases in 13years ( 1986.1-1998.12 ) end consulting the clinical data cd 282 cases perinatal death .
the chief cause of leading perinatal irdents to die is the death of premature infants .
374 mothera undertaken amniocernesis during aecond trimester and their 287 babies were followed up .
the spontaneous abortion rate was 0.27 % .
objectives : to learn the effect of physical exercise during pregnancy on vaginal delivery .
condnsiona : physical exercise during pregnancy is beneficial to the normal delivery and is worthy to widely promotion .
to explore the effects of alcohol 's metabolite acetaldehyde on embryonic development , acetaldehyde on proliferation and differentiation were studied by using embryo midbrain cell macromaas culture .
aacetaldehyde is unspecific inhibitor for proliferation and differentiation , according to renault assessment criteria , acetaldehyde have potential teratogenicitiy .
the data of the percussion pressure wave , the rat 's blood pressure and heart rate were recorded .
the extent of p athologic changes was more severe at the higher magnitudes of injury .
aim : the protective role of cntf on hippocampal neuronal damage induced by scalding was investigated in rats .
aim : to investigate the relationship between developmental changes of learning , memory and the kinetic properties of nmda receptor channel .
smt can prevent myocardium injury from reperfusion following ischemia .
the impairment of spatial learning and memory ability and an obvious suppression in ltp in hippocampal dentate gyrus was observed in stress group after chronic stress .
the hippocampal synaptic plasticity may be decreased by the chronic stress . and then , the learning and memory ability may also be impaired consequently .
aim : the approximate entrophy was applied to study eeg in different brain functional states .
apen were calculated in these eeg .
there is a significant difference in distribution of the polymorphism in mtdna d-loop between the eea and sc ( 2 = 33.3 , p < 0.01 ) .
irk1 can not permeate mn2 + because reverse potential did not changed .
these mean two different mechanisms about external mn2 + blocking exist .
110-9 mol / l egf enhanced 3 h-choline incorporation into pc at 8 hand reached the maxiumum at 16 h.
3tp 47 , a ptk inhibitor and h7 , a pkc inhibitor could block egf- induced ps synthesis .
the release of ldh from lung explants could not be changed by egf , tp 47 and h7 .
after exposed to hypoxia 21 days , hemodyna mics were measured .
examined by electron micrograph , endothelium cells appeared swollen , broken and pealed of , basal lamina parted . the changes above in lt group reversed partly .
1na content in the hypothalamus and hippocampus significantly increased , but was strikingly decreased in the thymus during the antibody response compared with the saline control .
2the content in the hypothalamus , hippocampus and thymus markedly augmented in the period of antibody response .
3da content in the hypothalamus significantly increased , but in the hippocampus , da content markedly descended after immunization .
4there were not significant alterations of catecholamine content in the brainstem during the anti body response compared with the saline control .
aim : to study the mechanism of the effect of gonadotropin-induced o ocyte maturation .
the numbers of osteoclasts and hypertrophic chondrocytes were observed under biological microscope .
compared with control , the re were significant increase in bones length and length of their diaphyses after treated with 10-7 mol / l estrone .
under this condition , decreased osteoclas ts and increased hypertrophic chondrocytes were observed , too .
estrone stimulates bone formation and inhibites bone resorption in vitr o.
da release from cpu , acb or can were different in contents and the characteristics of dynamics .
aim : to apply fluorescent mrna differential display technique .
the reamplification bands were sharp and pure .
we have successfully practiced fluorescent differential display technique in our lab . it is a fast , safe and cost-effecti ve method used to sereen unknown expressed genes .
to improve the dissolution of nimodi pine ( nmd ) . methods : nimodipine solid dispersions were prepared using solven t-dispersion with excipientsn as carriers .
nmd was amorphous in nmd solid dispersions . dissolution results showed that higher carrier-nmd ratio led to faster drug dissolution .
dissolution of nmd was improved in nmd solid dispersion .
to study the pharmacokinetics and relative bioavailability of clarithromycin granules .
to establish a method for rapid determination of phenobarbition and carbamazepine in human plasma .
using rp-hplc with estazolam as internal standard to determine concentration of phenobarbitone and carbamazepine in human plasma .
the separation was performed on shimadzu shimpack clc-c18 column with methanol-wat er ( 60 : 40 ) as mobile phase . the flow rate was 0.8 ml
the pae induced by netilmicin in human was determined , and the relativity between auc and pae in netilmicin was studied .
the pae induced by netilmicin against sensitive bacteria was significant long , the pae could be estimated by auc value in-viv o.
the pharmacokinetics of puerarin was studied in the patients with diabetic nephropathy .
the pharmacokinetics of puerarin in the patients with diabetic nephropathy changess significient .
the content was determined by uv the dissolution test was carried out using basket method , comparison was made bet ween the results of assay and dissolution test .
it is proved that metformin tablets can meet basically the requirment of the pharmacopoeia .
tdmis program was written with visual basic 5.0 and run in windows 95 system .
to establish an rp-hplc method for determining serum level of gliclazide .
the peak area of gliclazide against gliclazide concentration was linear with a correlation coefficicent of 0.999 7 over the range of 0.01 ~ 10.00 g.ml-1 .
this method is simple , precise and usable for pharmacokinetic studies of gliclazide in human beings .
the results showed that recirculation following ischemia induced delayed neuronal death ( dnd ) .l-name reduced dnd .
it is possible that the role of endogenous nos mediated dnd is inhibited by l-name .
to study the bioavailability of levofloxacin lactate tablet and capsule .
to prepare ciprofloxacin hydrochloride vaginal effervescent tablets and establish quality control standard .
the preparing method was practical . the drug release property of this preparation was better than general tablet and suppository .
ciprofloxacin hydrochloride is a new preparation for topical use .
the chemical and physical properties were compared between two kinds of nimodipine ( nm ) infusions for promoting the use of domestic new medicine .
the content of nm infusion was measured by hplc and the microparticles were observed by microscope .
an rp-hplc method has been developed to determine the concentration of isonizid in plasma .
the c18 column was used . the mobile phase was 0.02 mol . l-1 kh2po4 : acetonitrile ( 69 : 31 ) .
the plasma sample was injected directly for determination after being deproteinized with 20 % trichloroacetic acid and reacted with cinnamaldehyde .
this method showed good linear relationship from 0.1 ~ 13.88 g.ml-1 .
the intraday precision and interday precision were less than 10 % .
to establish a good method for determination of two components in kefei syrup . methods : the k-ratio method was applied in this paper .
the method was accurate and simple , and it could be used for the quality control of kefei syrup .
the feasibility of cmrs as indicators of three enzymes above to adjusting dosage regimen of some drug was explored .
thirty healthy subjects and thirty patients with liver disease were voluntarily enrolled in the test .
this result provided the reference for adjusting dosage regimen of the drug subjected to the metabolism of demethylation and acetylation for clinic .
to study the methods for the determination the contents of impure chloramphenicol tablets .
there was a marked difference between the two methods .
uv spectrophotometry can not be used to determinate the contents of impure chloramphenicol tablets .
a method with fluorospectrophotometry was established for the determination of ofloxacin in eye drops and ear drops .
linear relationship was found in the ofloxacin concentration ranging from 0.01 g * ml-1 to 2.00 g.ml-1 . the correlation coefficient was 0.999 9 .
the method is simple , accurate and sensitive with good reproducibility . this method can be used to determine ofloxacin in eye drops and ear drops .
to study the effect of sterilization temperature , ph and isotonic regulator to degradation produce of tinidazole injection .
to observe the effect of cernilton in the treatment of prostatodynia .
38 patients were administered with prostatodynia cernilton for three monthes .
after treatment the total disappearance rate of the patients sympton was 81.6 % and total improvement rate of the patients uroflow was 84.4 % .
the effect of cernilton is better than the others in such treatment .
to study the preparation and use of biyantong spray .
the study included the preparation process , quality standard , stability test , irritability test and clinical use .
this preparation has a rational composition , satisfactory stability , reliable effect , simple technological requirement and no irritability .
biyantong spray can be produced by hospital pharmacy .
to develop the gel of norfloxacin .
the gel of norfloxacin was made mainly of cmc-na , besides norfloxacin .
the quality of the gel is able to be controlled and the stability kept . it is a useful medicine for the clinic .
when the concentration of plasma na <
130 mmol . l-1 , the action of diuretics reduces obviously . the lower the concentration of plasma na , the weaker the action of diuretics .
we should pay attention to replenish nacl when diuretics are used .
to study the effect of glucurolactone on the metabolism of acetaminophen in mice .
the concentrations of plasma acetaminophen , and urinary acetaminophen , glucuronide-acetaminophen and sulfate-acetaminophen were measured by hplc .
the pharmacokinetics parameters and the composition of urinary excretion products of acetaminophen in mice were unchanged .
to study the relativity of blood concentration of cyclosporine a ( csa ) and the red blood cells and hemoglobin after renal transplantation .
it suggested that the count of red blood cells and the hemoglobin in the recipients might be one of the influence factor during early period .
to study and search a simple and accurate method to determine the codeine phosphate and graifenesin in ke-yu syrup .
capillary zone electrophoresis method was used . the mobil phase was 0.05 mol .
l-1 phosphate buffer ( ph = 7.8 ) , and separated potential was 20 kv with current 100 ~ 110 a.
the results demonstrated that capillary zone electrophoresis would be an accurate and simple method for determination of two components in ke-yu syrup .
to determine caffine and pseudoephedrine hydrochloride in yimapilin tablet by dual-wavelength tlc-scanning method .
the average recovery for caffine and pseudoephedrine hydrochloride was 99.0 % and 99.8 % , rsd was 1.9 % and 0.8 % respectively .
this method is simple , accurate . it is suitable for the quality control of the preparation .
the solubility of mbz in inclusion complex was 5.66 time higher than that of pure mbz .
the parameters of dissolution rate of mbz and inclusion complex t50 were 227.97 min and 10.44 min respectively .
the solubility and dissolution rate can be increased . mbz was included by -cd .
to establish a microbioligic assay for the determination of sparfloxain ( splx ) concentration in human serum .
the microbiologic assay was studied , using bacillus subtilis and eschetichia coli as experimental bacteria for the determination of serum concentration of splx .
the actual precisions of bacillus subtilis method was ( 1.3 ~ 5.4 ) % , the recovery was ( 98.75 ~ 105.50 ) % .
the actual precisions of escherichia coli method was ( 1.0 ~ 6.1 ) % , the recovery was ( 95.0 ~ 104.0 ) % .
to control the quality of fufang beiqi koufuye by determining tauroursodeoxycholic acid ( tudca ) .
this method was simple , specific , sensitive and reproducible .
to determine the content of tanshinone iia in dansheng tablets made by different manufacturers .
high performance liquid chromatography was used .
the contents of tanshinone iia were significantly different in compound dansheng tablets made by 10 pharmaceutical manufacturers .
the content of tanshinone iia in compound dansheng tablets must be controled .
to compare the dissolution of penicillin v potassium tablets of nine factories .
the drug price of daily penicillin v potassium tablets of nine factories has also been compared .
the dissolution of the nine factories showed no difference , all met the standards of uspx x iii . but the drug price have significant difference .
drugs of efficacy , relative safety and pharmacoeconomic value are suggested .
to develop a quality control method for isosorbide dinitrate pills ' dissolution .
the calibration curve is linear between ( 8.2 ~ 41 ) g.ml-1 , the average recovery was 99.9 % with rsd of 1.2 % .
the study provides a praticable method of quality control for the preparation .
to study the preparation and quality control of acne cream .
determination of benzoy peroxicle was carried out with indirect iodimetry .
determination of metromidazole by ultrariolet spectrophotometry . results : the method of content determination was reliable .
the average recovevies were 99.4 % and 100.6 % , with rsd 0.42 % and 0.35 % .
the suspension can be easily prepared and used .
to determine the contents of ginsenoside rg1 in yihuosheng tablets .
the spots were scanned with cs-9301 scanner .
the average recovery was 96.7 % , r = 0.999 9 .
it has benn proved to be a quantitative method .
to establish an hplc method for determination of baicalin in liyan oral liquid .
an nova-pak c18 column was used , the mobile phase was methanol-water-phoshporic acid ( 40:60:0.2 ) , detection wavelength was 280 nm .
the detection ranges were 0.813 ~ 4.065 g.
the average recovery of baicalin was 98.6 % ( rsd = 2.4 % , n = 5 ) .
this hplc method could be used for quality control in the production of liyan oral liquid .
to study the pharmacokinetics of adriamycin sustained release pellet ( admsrp ) in rats and dogs .
the concentration of adriamycin ( adm ) in plasma was measured by hplc .
adm could be released slowly and lasted in plasma after subctaneous embedding of admsrp in rats ;
admsrp possesses significant sustained-release effect .
acyclovir palmitate liposomal gel will be an effective and low toxical drug for virus dermatopathy .
to establish quality specifications pizhenqing granules .
sensitivity was 0.08aufs . the detection wavelenth was 276 nm .
the quality specifications can be applied for the granules .
the assay for felodipine tablet was investigated in order to control the quality of the preparation .
there was a good linear correslation within the range of 1 ~ 7 g.ml-1 , r = 0.999 5 .
the recovery was ( 95.27 ~ 102.6 ) % .
to establish a quantitative method for the determination of butenafine cream .
l-1 ammonia acetate , a flow rate of 0.8 ml.min-1 , a detecting wavelength at 223 nm , the column temperature at 40 c.
the method was simple and accurate .
to establish a new method for the assay of pirenzepine by differentia spectrophotometry .
l-1hcl solution and 0.02 mol . l-1 naoh solution . results : the calibration curve was linear in the range of 10 ~ 60 g.ml-1 .
the average recovery for tablet was 99.3 % , rsd was 0.9 % .
the method is accurate and suitable for quality control of pirenzepine .
to determine the quantity of dyclonine in compound ribavirin ointment .
average recovery was 97.85 % . conclusions : the method is reliable , simple .
an high performance liquid chromatography for the determination of sulpiride in human serum was established .
a mobile phase was methyl alcohol-5 mmol .
the tetection wavelength was ex 298 nm , em 345 nm .
to establish a method using polarimetric analysis , for determining the concentration of dexamethasone sodium phosphate eye drops .
the assay linearity was determined over the range of 60 ~ 200 mg.ml-1 , r = 0.999 6 .
the mean recovery was 99.4 % , rsd = 1.68 % ( n = 5 ) . it was consistent with hplc .
it is simple , rapid and accurate of analysis for hospital medicine .
to establish a method for analysis of cefotaxime sodium .
the method is simple , rapid , accurate and good for the determination of cefotaxime .
an hplc method was established for determination of puerarin in whole blood .
this method was simple and feasible for the determination of puerarin in whole blood .
a sensitive and precise hplc for determination of alfuzosin hydrochloride plasma concentration was studied .
we used luna c18 column , acetonitrile/0.02 mol . l-1 potassium dihydrogen phosphate ( ph = 2.5 ) as a mobile phase .
methodology evaluation showed that alfuzosin hydrochloride plasma concentration between 50 ~ 0.7813 g.
l-1 had a good linear coefficient relation ( r = 0.999 6 ) . the lowest detectable concentration was 0.7 g. l-1 .
the average recovery of the method was 98.9 % .
the coefficien variation of within and between-day for the concentration of 50,20 and 1.5 g.
this method provides an accurate way in testing plasma concentration of alfuzosin .
to conduct stability study on norfloxacin eye drops at 25 c and for predicting its expiry term .
norfloxacin was determined by uv spectrophotometry , prediction of expiry by initial average rate methods .
stability of the eye drops is good , expiry term predicted at 25 c is 2.5 years .
initial average rate methods is rapid , convenient and suitable for stability study of hospital preparations .
to establish a bacterial endotoxin method for monitoring pyrogen of ribavirin injection .
bacterial endotoxin test method of the chinese pharmacopoeia was used .
amebocyte lysate method can be used in place of rabbit method for pyrogen monitoring of ribavinin lnjection .
to study the preparation technique of adriamycin ( doxorubicin ) gelatin microspheres ( adm-gms ) for artery embolization and their characteristic s.
adriamycin gelatin microspheres hopefully could be one of the new administration dosage form for gastric cancer by embolizing techniques .
to study the risk factors of hypertriglyceridemia abnormal character in patients with chronic schizophrenia after therapy receiving phenothia zine drugs .
to prepare enteric microcapsules of aspirin by spray-drying technique .
the microcapsules were characterized by scanning electron microscopy ( sem ) and differential scanning calorimetry ( dsc ) .
spray-drying is a simple method with a reliability process , the released rate of microcapsules can be controlled by changing the ra tiot of eudragit ii .
to evaluate relative bioavailability and pharmacokintic parameters of digoxin by one-step method .
the elimination rate of digoxin in aged patients was significantly lower than the in young healty volunteers .
to study the preparation and in vitro releasing characterization of nimesulide sustained-release tablets .
this tablet was prepared by carbopol cmc-na et al , the sustained-release effect was appraised by dissolution test .
it can be released continually in 12 hours in the ph 7.2 dissolution media , and the dissolution behavior fit zero-order kinetic mechanism and higuchi equation .
this formulation is rational , technology is simple , release show sustaining .
to observe antibiotic effect in vitro of aqueous extract of r abdosia infedus from taishan .
the tube dilution test for determining the antibacterial activity of rabdosia infedus .
rabdosia infedus aqueos extract had bactericidal effect to some kinds of gram-negative bacteria .
to prepare chlorpheniramine gel nasal drops and control the quality .
the first order derivative ultra-violet spectrophotometry was used to measure the drug content of the gel .
the gel was homogeneous , the average recovery was 100 .
this paper reported a reverse phase hplc for simultaneous determination of quinidine , lidocaine and propafenone in human plasma .
this method provides a simple , sensitive , and accurate way in therapeutic drug monitoring .
a first order derivative spectrophotometry was used .
the determination wave length was 279 nm . results : the correlation coefficient was -0.999 8 .
dual-wavelength ratio spectrometry was used for determination of procaine hydrochloride injection , which could eliminate the disturbance of t he degradation product , para-aminobenzoic acid .
according to the ratio spectrum of procaine hydrochloride and para-aminobenzoic acid , 226 nm and 246 nm were selected as the determination wavelengthes .
the method is sample , sensitive , precise and accurate .
a nova-pak c18 4 m radial compression column was used , with a mobile phase of methanol and water by hplc .
this method is simple and feasible for the determination of five psychotherapeutic drugs in serum .
determination of compound tinidazoli suppository .
the method of multicomponent analysis in the quantification software hp uv-visible chemstation was used . the test wavelength range was 265 ~ 305 nm .
this method is simple , rapid , and suitable for analysis in compound tinidazoli suppository .
the incidence of adverse drug reactions was 83.3 % . the main adverse drug reactions found were head ache , dizziness and drowsiness .
the dosage of 5-ismn sustanied-release tablets should be reduced when they were administered to chinese subjects .
to study the preparation and therapeutic effect of the drops . methods : ofloxacin was determined by ultraviolet spectrophotometry .
the average recoveries were 99.3 % and 99.5 % , with rsd 0.65 % and 1.3 9 % .
the eye drop can be easily prepared the quantitative method is reliable .
to determine chlorpheniramine components in compound bergenin tablet and provide a method of quality control .
acid dye colorimetry was used as a quantitative method .
the average recovery and the rsd of chlorphenirami ne were 100.1 % , 1.04 % ( n = 6 ) .
this method is simple and accurate .
to study the therapeutic effect of c ampsis grandiflora spray on the part pain , ticking and swelling which is stung by mosqutio and insect .
animal experimental method was used to evaluate the cam psis grandiflora spray 's effect to anti-inflammation analgesia .
campsis grandiflora spray could be used for part pa in , ticking and swelling is which stung by mosquito and insect .
to quantitate analyze notoginsenosi de r1 in radix notoginseng by hplc gradient elution mode .
s : the chromatographic conditions included column sphericorb nh2 , mobile phase of acetonitrile-methanol-water ( gradient concentration 55:30:15 70 :20:10 ) , and detector uv 210 nm .
the method was proved to be simple and rapid .
to investigate factors affecting determination of pae .
there were no significant variations between washing an d dilution method for removal of drug .
ttc at the concentration of 10 gml -1 was the optimal . 10 ~ 100 cfu in the counting area was preferred .
when using micro-inoculation colony counting method to investigate the pae , the optimal condition should be controlled .
to develop the gel of sparfloxacin .
to determine the content of naftifen solution by uv spectrophotometry .
to study the bacteriostasis of azone to penicillin resistant staphylococcus aure us .
to use kiby-bauer method .
in the total synthesis of meropenem , the methods of deprotection of t-butyldimethylsilyl and allyl esters had been improved .
the conditions of the last three reactions were improved .
the impurities in cefetamet pivoxil hydrochloride were determined by hplc .
the specificity , identification of impurities , linearity , sensitivity and repeatability were investigated .
the method had effective separation of impurities , good linear relationship ( r = 0.9999 ) , and detective limit 0.1 g/ml , repeatability rsd = 0.83 % .
a facile method for the determination of nimesulide in human plasma by rp-hplc was described using hypersil bds-c18 column .
the average recovery was over 92.3 % , and the detective limit was 60 g/l . the plasma drug concentration-time curve of ten volunteers conforms to one-compartment model .
the uv detection wavelength was set at 254 nm . a good linearity was obtained within the iopamidol concentration from 12.5 g/ml to 125 g/ml .
the values predicted and gained of carbon content of derivatized -cyclodextrin bonded phase at optimum conditions were 17.95 % and 18.10 % respectively .
allicin was prepared from sulfur and allyl chloride under phase transfer catalysis condition , via the intermediate of diallyl disulfide .
the structure of the title compound was confirmed by ir , gc-ms , 1hnmr and 13cnmr .
the human relative bioavailability was about 99.0 % , as compared with its capsules .
the ct data were analysed statisticaly and the dynamic enhanced deusity-time curves were established .
( 1 ) the typical curve of the rf group was a slowly ascending-slowly descending one .
the characteristics of the dynamic enhanced desity-time curves of rf and rnpc may be as the important informations for differential diagnosis .
purpose : to evaluate the differential diagnostic value of incremental dynamic ct in small spns .
thin-section ct was performed before and after administration of contrast material .
correlative study of conventional and incremental ct diagnosis had been done prospectively .
the mean enhanced ct values of small lung cancers , focal pneumonias and nodular tuberculosis were 42hu , 37hu and 3hu , respectively .
one hamartoma and one sclerosing hemangioma were diagnosed wrongly because of significant enhancement more than 40hu .
this study shows that ultrasonography may be used as the first diagnostic step and combining with hysteroscopy improves the diagnostic accuracy in postmenopausal bleeding .
purpose : to evaluate the diagnostic value of ct scan in nasal polyps .
42 cases of polyps involved 73 sides , with both sides in 31 patients , one side in 11 patients .
the poloyps mainly occured in ethmoidal sinus and middle meatus , part of cases involved maxillary sinus and inferior meatus .
all patients complicated paranasal sinus to a greater or lesser degree . part of patients had maxillary sinus cyst and anatomical variation such as straight middle turbinate , etc.
of them , sixty-seven cases were operated on and their specimen was studid pathologically .
consequently , the clinical diagnosis , sonographical idagnosis and pathological diagnosis were compared .
the congenital diseases accounted for 91.9 % of the neck masses in this group .
the most common disorders include cystic hygroma , sternocleidomastoid pesuedotumor , thyroglossal duct cyst and hemangioma .
conpared to pathological diagnosis , eight cases were misdiagnosed clinically and two cases hyn ultrasound .
purpose : to explore the x-ray features and developmental tendency of multiple inflammatory polypi after chronic colitis .
materials and methods : the findings of x-ray , clinic and pathology were analyed and compared with endoscopy in 58 cases .
( 2 ) chronic ulcerative colitis is most likely to lead formations of multiple inflammatory polypi and adenomatous polypus ;
materials and methods : 4s patients with dorv were examined by 2de and cdfi , male 28 ; female 17 .
the findings of all cases were compared with that of operation or angiography .
the diagnostic accuracy was 95.6 % ( 43 / 45 ) , two cases were misdiagnosed as the tetralogy of fallot .
the accuracy in classification of dorv by 2de was 97.7 % ( 42 / 43 ) .
the most common accompanied malformation was pulmonary stenosis ( 32 / 45 ) .
the average diameter of ventricular septai defect was slightly larger than the average diameter of aortic annulus .
purpose : to evaluate the mr findings of lung squamous-cel carcinoma and adenocarcinoma .
recognition of the mri features of lung squamous-cell carcinoma and adenocarcinoma is helpfull in differential diagnosis of these tumors .
purpose : to study the clinical utility and influence of myocardial integratec ultrasound backscatter .
materials and methods : on-line analysis of myocardial integrated backscatter ( ibs ) were prformed on forty subject without cardiovasculr diseases .
the cyclic variation of ibs ( cvib ) of ics was much smaller than that of pw ( p < 0.01 ) .
purpose : to evaluate the preoperative finding of limb malignant tumor using high-frequency color ultrasonography .
( 3 ) this study provided objective index for the efficiency of radiotherapy and chemotherapy in limb malignant tumor .
it is useful to perform preoperative study on malignant tumor using high-frequency color uhrasonography .
the contrast enhancement ratiotime ( cer-t ) curve , enhancement peak ( ep ) and maxium contrast enhancement rate ( mcer ) were analyzed .
of the 8 meningothelial meningiomas , 7 showed a rapid rise with gradual decline on cer-t curve , peak enhancement was observed within 60-210s .
sequential cer of fibrous meningiomas showed slow ascending , without a peak within 210s .
sequential ep and mcer of richly vascularized meningiomas were higher than that of poorly vascularized .
dynamic contrast enhanced mri has utility for differentiating histologic subtype and the degree of vascularization of meningiomas .
purpose : to analyse the mri findings of rectal carcinoma and evaluate its diagnostic value .
the sequences were se t1 wi and fse t2 wi .
the tumors were low signal intensity on t2 wi , high signal intensity on t2 wl . there were necrosis in large masses .
the smaller the lesions , are , the more difficulty to stage .
purpose : to explore the mri features and differential diagnosis of epidural extralmedullary tumor .
7 cases were metastasis tumor showed iso-or hypointensity on t1wi , iso-or hyperintensity on t2wi , 6 cases with vertebral bodies involved .
cholesteatoma showed longer t1 longer t2 signal intensity .
2 cases meningioma showed isointensity in t1wi and t2wi , with homogenous enhancement .
1 case myeloma showed longer t1 and longer t2 signal intensity , with multiple vertebral involved .
most of the extradural space tumor are malignant tumors , in which , metastasis tiumor and lymphadenoma are com- mon .
we should pay attention to the differential diagnosis .
purpuse : to investigate ct appearance of inflammatory mass of the lung .
( 3 ) 76.6 percent of the masses showed vacuole and little honeycomb sign at the margin .
the ct appearance of inflammatory mass of the lung has some character . it can be used for differentiating lung cancer .
purpose : the ct findings of the benign bone tumors and the tumorous lesions in hip bone were discussed .
for the inter constructions and the adjacent soft tissue changes of tumors plain film was not more clear than ct .
purpose : to evaluate the ct manifestations of benign and malignant thymomas .
materials and methods : the ct apperances of 31 cases of thymomas confirmed by surgery and pathology were analysed .
there were 10 benign thymomas . all ct scans demonstrated the soft tissue mass with clear margin except one adhered to left pulmonary artery .
purpose : to evaluate the ct diagnostic accuracy in preoperative staging of the laryngeal carcinoma .
the tumor staging with ct-pathologic correlative study were performed by using double-blind methods .
our results showed that the hepatic arterial branch supplying hcc has lower impedance than the branch not related to hcc .
purpase : to investigate the clinical value of myocardial perfusion imaging in the diagnosis of pediatric viral myocarditis .
purposes : to evaluate the applicated value of mannitol opening blood brain barrier to the intraarterial chemotherapy of glioma .
materials and methods : under stereotactic , c6 rat glioma cell were implanted into the right caudate nucleus of male sd rat .
super- conduct mri system , gd-dtpa as mri contract , were used to measure rat brain tumor volume .
two chemotherapy drugs , vm26 and mtx , were used in intraarterial and venous chemotherapy .
there was no significant statistical difference between vm26 with mannitol and vm26 without mannitol .
there was significant statistical difference between mtx with mannitol and mtx without manni- tol .
there was no statistical difference between vm26 with or without mannitol and mtx with mannitol .
there are no cer- tain significance that mannitol affect the curative effect in treating brain tumor with lipophilic anti-brain tumor compounds .
it 's necessary to open blood brain barrier before water soluble compounds of anti-brain tumor are used .
purpose : to explore the relationship of mri signal intensity and dna content of lung cancer .
dna content was measured by a imaging analyz- er ( icm-100 ) and the spf percentage ( s phase fraction ) was calculated .
but mri signal intensity ratios can not reflect spf status .
mri signal-intensity ratios can reflect dna ploidy in a certain degree , therefore , indirectly reflecting the ma- lignant biological behavior of lung cancer .
purpose : integration of a pc with other hardware and software components can function as cost but high performance pacs .
the system is eco- nomical , practical and suitable for use in small and middle scale hospital .
purple : to investigate image features and causes of radioactive " defect " regions on normal myocardial perfusion imaging .
in vitro study of the same hearts showed no defect at midpart of anterior .
purpose : to investigate the technique and clinical application of three-dimensional dynamic contrast-enhanced mr pulmonary angiography .
purpose : to evaluate arthrography and mri in diagnosis of rotator cuff tear and its clinical significance .
the results showed tat the sensitivity for diagnosis of rotator cuff eom- plete tear was 91 % in arthrograph ?
and 95 % in mr imaging , the specificity was 100 % in arthrography and 88 % in mr image .
purpuse : to compare the findings of mr angiography with color doppler ultrasonography in carotid artery stenosis .
materials and methods : 25 patients with carotid artery stenosis were studied .
2 dimensional time of flight mr angiographic technique was performed .
signal defects along the vascular wall indicating the plaques appeared in 25 cases of stenosis .
dilation fol- lowing stenosed part was the important sign of moderate stenosis .
occlusion showed specifically the complete absence of blood signal intensity distal to the occlusion without recovery of flowing signal intensity .
two dimensional time-of-flight mr angiography is a usefull approach for helping detect and grade the severity of stenosis of carotid artery stenosis .
purpose : to analyse ct and mri features and diagnosis of ganglioneuromas and ganglioneuroblastomas .
on ct there was iso - or slight hypodense in the solid part , hypo - but slight hy- perdense than csf in cystic degeneration .
purpose : to evaluate the diagnostic value of two-phase enhanced helical ct in pancreatic adenocarcinoma .
excellent tumor-pan- creas contrast is obtained with ap scans . vascular invasions are detected clearly with ap & pvp scans .
purpose : to evaluate the diagnostic value of two-phase enhanced helical ct in pancreatic adenocarcinoma .
among them , 30eases underwent ct scanning and 10 cases underwent mri examina- tion .
ct was better than plain film in displaying the inner and outer bor- der of cancerous cavity .
the changes of mri signal intensity of neoplasm tissue , such as liquefaction and necrosis in tumor , would be helpful in differential the nature of neoplasm .
x-ray film , ct and mri findings of cavity in lung cancer have significant relationship with tumor type and grading .
purpose : to investigate the mri manifestations of cerebral gliomas involving corpus callosum , and to improve the ability of di- agnosis and differential diagnosis .
materials and methods : thirty-four cases of cerebral glioma involving corpus callosum were undergone plain and gd-dtpa-enhanced mr scans .
" butterfly sign " was the reflection that gliomas of corpus callosum invaded two sides of cerebral hemisphere and had impor- tant value for diagnosis .
cerebral gliomas involving corpus callosum are intracranial tumors with special location . mri has sig- nificant clinical value in diagnosis and differential diagnosis of the tumour .
purpose : to analyze ct imaging features of nasopharyngeal carcinoma ( npc ) with cavernous sinus involvement .
materials and methods : the ct findings in 36 cases of npc with cavernous sinus involvement proved by biopsy were reviewed retrospectively .
( 1 ) there were primary lesions of npc in 36 cases and asymmetry of bilateral cavernous sinuses in 36 cases .
the side of involvement became wider and the width extent was 0.6 ~ 2cm , mean 1.2cm ; there were destruction of the base bone in 31 cases .
purpose : our purpose is to discuss which causes a diagnostic and a plan to therapeutic .
material and methods : bone scans performed in 2883 patients were randomly selected and reviewed by 2 physicians .
the " mouse face " appearance were divided into two grades according to the uptake in vertebrae and processus transversus .
the " mouse face " appearance is more suggestive of paget ' disease than metastases even in patients with cancer .
lateral rectus muscle 3.7 1.0mm , 10.0 1.0mm ;
supperior rectus muscle : 9.6 1.0mm , 3.9 0.9mm ;
inferior rectus muscle 8.8 1.0mm , 4.4 0.8mm ;
supperior obliquus muscle 2.5 0.4mm , 5.5 0.8mm ;
the height of inferior obique muscle was 2.6 0.4mm .
the diameter of optical nerve 5.6 0.8mm .
the angel between lateral wall and sagittal midline was 47.5 4.8 .
the size of extraocular muscles can be accurately measured with ct scan .
axial ct is more accurate for measuring the transverse diameter of the extraocular muscles .
purpose : to evaluate the relationship between deep venous thrombosis ( dvt ) and pulmonary ebbolism ( pe ) with radionuclide imaging .
86 patients were diagnosed pe because of the mismatch of their lung perfusion and ventilation images , 7 were normal .
echocardiography is a convenient , noninvasive and ellective method in er for early detection of ami .
the suv tends to be stable if the roi was set 3 ~ 4 pixels smaller than the volume of target on reconstructed images .
different filter and cutoff frequency will vary the suv , especially on small lesion .
the setup of roi should be less by 3 ~ 4 pixels than the object , so as to avoid the influence of margin effect .
the filter and cutoff frequency are better to be fixed on every study in order to warrant the comparability of suv .
purpose : to explore the molecular biologic basis of ct manifestations of peripheral lung carcinoma .
purpose : to assess virtual colonoscopy with helical ct for detection of simulated mass lesions in pig colon .
the image quality of coloscope was better than that of ctve .
there was none poor grade image , and no false-positive or false-negative findings .
ct virtual colonoscopy provide noninvasively endoscopelike display of the colon without inserting an instrument , and permit identification of colonic mass lesions as small as 3mm in diameter .
materials and methads : the ct data of 32 malignant and 139 benign tumours pathologically proven were analyzed . read !
coronal scan is better than axial scan in demonstrating anatomic structure and tumour invasion .
purpose : to evaluate ct features and the differential diagnostic value of ct scan in renal tuberculosis .
materials and methods : the ct manifestations of 69 patients with proven renal tuberculosis were retrospectively analyzed and correlated with pathologic findings .
2 ) focal or diffuse cortical thinning ( 78.3 % ) .
3 ) thickening of the wall of the renal pelvis or meter with stricture or dilatation of lumina ( 65.2 % ) .
but enlargement or atrophy , lobulation , functional damage of the kidney and hydronephrosis were all the common secondary ct appearenees .
purpose : to evaluate value of ct virtual endoscopy in the diagnosis of cerebral vessel diseases .
purpose : to evaluate the imaging methods and display ability of spiral ct three-dimensional ( 3d ) reconstruction of auditory ossicular chain and its clinical application .
3d spiral ct could clearly demonstrate three-dimensional images of the auditory ossicular chain , and is useful in evaluating diseases of the auditory ossicles .
purpose : to evaluate the clinical application of ct virtual colonoscopy ( ctvc ) in colonic diseases .
conclusion . ctvc provides a noninvasive diagnostic method and complementary technique to fc .
materials and methods : 18 healthy premenopausal volunteers and 40 cases with pathologically identified breast lesions were examined with a new efgre 3d dynamic mr imaging series .
morphology , early-phase enhancement rate , and signal intensity time course of the contrast-enhancing areas in volunteers were investigated and compared with that of benign and malignant lesions .
13 contrast-enhancing areas were detected in 10 of the 18 volunteers .
purpose : to evaluate the diagnostic value of fast fluid attenuated inversion recovery ( flair ) pulse sequence in craniocerbral trauma .
conelusiou : flair images is more helpful in diagnosis of craniocerebral trauma and subarachnoid hemorrhage .
parpose : to study the imaging features and diagnosis of pelvic lipomatosis .
materials and methods : 4 cases of pelvic lipomatosis examined with plain , ct and mri were reviewed .
resalts : the imagings clearly demonstrated deformation and shift of the pelvic visera suchas bladder , rectum and prostate in all cases .
purpose : to discuss the ct and mri diagnostic value of tumor of the fourth ventricle .
( 1 ) there were feartures of ct and mri appearances in the fourth ventricle tumors .
( 2 ) the tumors in fourth ventricle there were speciality of age .
( 3 ) the source of tumors could help to determine the nature .
there are diagnostic and differential diagnostic value for tumors of the fourth ventricle to depend on their ct and mri appearance , especially mri .
purpose : to improve the ct and mri diagnostic level of trigeminal neurinoma .
materials and methods : ct and mri features were analyzed in 27 cases with trigeminal neurinoma verified by operative pathology .
mri showed inhomogeneous low signal on t1wi and inhomogeneous high signal on t2wi with dear edge and significant space occupying effect .
comllusions : the clinical manifestations could be helpful in diagnosis of the tumor if the diagnosis is uncertain with ct and mri .
purpose : to evaluate the value of ct in diagnosis of inverted papilloma of the nasal cavity and paranasal sinuses .
the most common bony changes were bony destruction .
85 % patients had postoperative recurrent tumor , and 3 cases became malignant tumors .
purpose : to evaluate the role of spiral ct angiography ( scta ) in diagnosis of renal arteral stenosis .
materials and methods : ten patients of renal arterial stenosis were examined with scta .
slice thickness 2mm , pitch 1.0,120kv and 200ma were used .
80 100ml contrast material were injected from peripheral venom at a rate of 2.5ml / s for 25 ~ 30s delay time .
after scanning , mpr and 3d were reconstructed .
all ten patients were demonstrated on dsa .
in 10 patients , 11 renal arterial stenosis were visualized by scta with 1 ~ 1.5cm length .
the sensitivity and specifity were 100 % .
scta is a reliable method for diagnosis renal arterial stenosis .
it can replace invasive artery angiography .
purpose : to evaluate the role of conventional ct in blunt liver trauma .
materials and methods : the conventional ct scans and clinical data of 24 patients with blunt liver injuries confirmed by operation or nonoperative management were reviewed and analyzed .
conventional ct is an accurate , quick and safe method in diagnosis of blunt liver injuries .
the concept of " liver markings " and the diagnostic criteria of conventional ct in blunt liver laceration are summed up .
purpose : to determine the cause of the vascular impression of horizontal part of duodenum of gastroentersinal tract barium meal examinatin .
3 cases were examined both with angiography and barium meal examination . results .
the vascular impression of horizontal part of duodenum corresponded with abdominal aorta , not with superior mesenteric artery .
the vascular impression of the horizontal part of duodenum is caused by abdominal aorta .
purpose : to study the clinical value of color doppler ultrasound in diagnosis and treatment of testis torsion .
materials and methods : 16 patients with torsion of testis were proved by operation and their ultrasound findings were analysed .
disapearance of testical blood flow is a reliable index for torsion of testis ;
reduced blood flow , but increased resistance index in the testis is another sensitive index ford iagnosis .
results . 20 times subsegmental or sub-subsegmental tae were achieved successfully .
purpose : to study the relation between the features of hysterosalpingography ( hsg ) and classifications of pathology for intrauterine adhesion ( iua ) .
materials and methods : both hsg and pathology were confirmed . results : the mild grade in 70 cases of intrauterine adhesion ;
purpose : to study the value of dsa in treating portol hypertension by subtotal spleneetomy with retroperitoneal splenic transposition and devascularization .
materials and methods : percutanous splenic artery dsa was performed in 20 patients with cirrhotic portal hypertension befor operation and 2 years after operation repeetively .
before operation spleen enlarged , splenic antery was curved and deformed , collateral circulation was formed between splenic and surrounding tissues in some cases .
whereas 2 years after operation residual spleen became larger than spleen retained intraoperation , abundant collateral circulation was built between the residual spleen and retroperitoned wall .
dsa is valuable in preoperative diagnosis , retainning spleen during operation and evaluating therapeatic effect .
purpose : to evaluate the changes of dopamine transporter and d2 receptor in early parkinson 's disease .
materials and methods : seven patients with parkinson 's disease and seven normal subjects underwent 123 i-beta-cit/spect .
among the patients , 5 had 123 i-ibzm/spect .
specific uptake of 123i-beta-cit and 123i-ibzm were expressed as the ratio of radioactivity between striatum and cerebellum .
the loss of bilateral dopamine transporter in early parkin-son 's disease is earlier and more obvious than the changes of d2 receptor .
purpose : to study the ultrasonographic diagnosis and differential diagnosis of vemcous gastritis , gastric polyp and polypoid cancer .
6 cases with gastric progressive polypoid cancer presented as 10 ~ 40mm diameter mass with mixed and disorderly echo protruding into gastric cavity .
it was suggested that sonography plays very important roles in the diagnosis and differentiae diagnosi of verucous gastritis , gastric polyp and gastric polypoid cancer .
purpose : to analyse echocardiographic features of ten patients with unroofed coronary sinus syndrome and to improve the accuracy of ultrasonic diagnosis .
materials and methods : echocardiographic data of ten cases with unroofed coronary sinus syndrome proved by operation from 1986 to 1998 were studied retrospectively .
2de also displayed various acompanying abnormalities . the results of ultrasound were essentially consistent with the finding of operations .
it could be considered as unroofed cs when 2de and contrast echocardiography show plsvc draining to la and absence of cs or septal defect of cs .
contrast echocardiography is of important meaning for diagnosing unroofed cs .
mrpp combined with contrast-enhanced mra is a feasible method to diagnose ape , and the clinical investigation should be done in future .
to evaluate the efficiency of imagine diagnosis of obstructive jaundice by us , ct , ercp , and mrcp .
different technology had different sensitivity for different obstructive jaundice .
combined means can improve the diagnostic efficiency greatly .
to compare the diagnostic value and limitations of different imaging modality in gastrointestinal leiomyomas .
the findings of several imaging modality of 25 patients with gastrointestinal leiomyoma were analyzed .
combined imaging diagnosis before operation was completely matched to the pathologic results of operation in these patients .
ct can play an important role in the differential diagnosis of gastrointestinal leiomyomas .
to evaluate the value and limitation of several imaging modalities and probe into the optimal examination route of carotid artery stenosis .
methods 36 patients with clinical suspected carotid stenosis were collected , and examined by us , mra and dsa
in all the common carotid artery method ccm of measurement was used in evaluating carotid stenosis .
us is highly sensitivity and lowly specificity for evaluating carotid stenosis at our investigation , but it is a simply and untraumatic method .
dsa is still the " gold-standard " for diagnosis of carotid stenosis , and it is necessary when interventional theraphy should be performed .
chest imaging data in the 26 patient were studied , and all patient done chest radiography and chest ct scanning .
to evaluate the value and limit of several imaging modalities and probe into the optimal examination route of arteriovenous malformation of brain ( avmb ) .
the interventional therapy and surgical resection were performed in all patients and the diagnosis of avmb was corroborated .
the mr can make the diagnosis of avmb , but x-ray cerebral angiography is necessary when interventional therapy should be performed .
to evaluate the value of diagnosing thoracic disease by color doppler ultrasound ( cdfi ) , x-ray and ct .
50 % of 4 cases of pneumonia were diagnosed correctly by cdfi and x-ray , 2 cases were diagnosed correctly and 2 cases were n't examined by ct .
to compare the clinical value of schuller 's position and modified schuller 's position radiographs .
results 3 claass radiographs ( first-better , second-good and third class-bad radiographs ) were divided depended on the radiograph quality .
the modified schuller 's position radiographs were first class 82.67 % , second class 10.67 % and third class 6.67 % seperately .
the schuller 's position radiographs were first class 37.5 % , second class 29.1 % , third class 33.33 % seperately .
there is marked statistics differential between the modified schuller 's position and schuller 's position radiographs ( 2 = 40.49 , p < 0.001 ) .
modified schuller 's position radiographs were a good projection method to display the tatol structures of temporo-mandanbular joint .
to introduce the punctured drainage of the abdominal abscess or liquid accumulation , and the ptcd technique under the guiding of ultrasound .
the diagnostic accuracy of the high frequency ultrasound on breast nonpalpable tumor is 90 % .
ultrasound may provide an effective method for the inspection of breast nonpalpable lesion , the location of operation and the puncture of cyst .
the drainage of abdominal abscess or liquid accumulation under ultrasound may become an effective nonoperative treatment . and ultrasound maybe another effective leading route for ptcd .
to assess the role of acoustic densitometry ( ad ) technique in tissue characterization of normal femoral artery and atherosclerotic plaque .
in 59 patients with coronary artery disease and 30 normal persons , we detected the normal arterial wall and different types of atherosclerotic plaques with ad technique .
ad technique is feasible in detecting the atherosclerotic plaque and provides an objective on-line assessment of plaque composition .
to assess the value of clinical application of hysterosalpingography by ultrasound .
the results of ultrasonographic hysterosalpingography were found to coinside with those of x-hsg by 82.4 % and with those of laparoscopy by 80.0 % .
to sum up the supplementary effects of x-ray and ct in diognosis of vertebral tuberculosis .
rational use of various imaging modalities would improve the diagnosis accuracy of spinal tuberculosis .
the combination of these three imaging methods could increase the accuracy in showing lesions of the malignant tumors .
to evaluate the ability of bone scintigraphy ( bs ) and mri in the demonstration of bone metastases of prostatic cancer and their sensitivity , specificity and accuracy .
compare the demonstration of bone metastases with the two imaging modalities .
in the pelvic region ( from l3 to the head of femur ) , 19 of the 71 patients with prostatic cancer were proved to have bone metastases .
as result , the diagnostic sensitivity is 89.5 % , the diagnostic specificity is 84.6 % , the accuracy is 85.9 % .
in mr imaging , true positive lesions were 91 , false negative lesions were one .
in bone scintigraphy , true positive lesions were 66 , false negative lesions were 26 , and false positive lesions were 18 .
the sensitivity of mri was 98.9 % . the sensitivity of bs was 71.7 % .
to compare the diagnostic value of molybdenum mammagraphy and color doppler ultrasound to the breast benign nodules and to study the necessity of their combined usage .
methods 40 clinically suspected breast benign nodules had been checked by molybdenum mammagraphy and color doppler ultrasound , and compared with the pathological results .
the diagnostic accuracy rate of molybdenum mammagraphy ( 95 % ) is slightly higher than that of the color doppler ultrasound ( 92.5 % ) .
they are both not very well in the diagnosis of the nodules smaller than 1.0cm .
to evaluate the imaging features and the diagnostic value of conventional radiography , sonography and ct in renal tuberculosis .
imaging findings in 76 patients with proven renal tuberculosis were retrospectively analyzed .
to analyze the incidence , possible mechanism and clinical significance of leukoaraosis in patients with dementia or cerebral vascular disease ( cvd ) or in the healthy elderly .
to study and eveluate ct and mri imaging finding of intra-axial cavernous angioma .
methods 21 cases of intra-axial cavernous angioma with pathologic were studied . 21 cases all had ct scan , 16 cases had mri scan .
16 lesions showed a typical popcorn-like mixed signals with hypointensity ring on mri .
mri was the most useful method for diagosis of intra-axial cavernous angioma , and has an important clinical signification .
to study safety paracentesis depth in cerebellomedullary cistern and its clinical significance .
the maximum heads length and glabella-inion line could count the safety paracentesis depth of cerebellomedullary cistern in clinic .
the patients were divided into four types , according to the left ventricular mass and relative wall thickness .
to evaluate the diagnosis effect of infiltrating lobular carcinoma by sonography , its sonographic characterizations were studied .
the sonographic signs were studied of sixteen infiltrating lobular carcinomas .
these signs include margins , matrix and attenuation . results the sensitivity , ultrasonography found mass , was 63 % ( 10 / 16 ) .
breast sonography has limitation to diagnose ilc , particularly the smaller ilc .
study the capability of plane chest roentgenoscopy ( pcr ) in the staging of bronchogenic carcinoma .
comparing pcr results with pathological diagnosis for 80 cases of bronchogenic carcinoma .
the proportion of which pcr results are consistent with the pathological diagnosis is 62.2 % ;
the accuracy of pcr on resesctable or unresectable for bronchogenic carcinoma is 73.3 % .
the accuracy of pcr in the staging of bronchogenic carcinoma is high .
this method is economy and convenient , and it is still the primary method for clinical diagnosis of bronchogenic carcinoma .
to evaluate the diagnostic value in determined plasma cell mastitis with molybdenum palladium roentgenograph .
to discuss the clinical value of spectral patterns in distinguishing between benign and malignant breast neoplasms .
color doppler ultrasonography was used to detect 95 breast neoplasms . doppler spectral patterns of breast neoplasms were analysed .
doppler spectral analysis is a valuable indicator for distinguishing between benign and malignant breast neoplasms .
purposr to appraise the effects of stenting on affected blood vessels of coronary arteries .
the obstruction of liver vein was found in 5 cases and the obstruction of inferior venae cava in 17 cases .
purpose to improve methods of differential diagnosing benign renal mass ( brm ) from renal cell carcinoma ( rcc ) .
a comparative study of 24 cases of brm versus 50 cases of rcc was performed .
high dense renal cyst is usually homogeneous hypoechogenicity on sonograms and homogeneous high / iso attenuation on ct images and color doppler is helpful in diagnosing .
atypical angiomyolipoma usually shows homogeneous high attenuation on unenhanced ct images , homogeneous enhancement on enhanced ct and homogeneous isoechogenicity on sonograms .
almost all misdiagnosing of benign renal mass may be avioded .
to discuss the diagnosing value of the ureter cysts in bmode us and ivp .
the imaging findings of 20 ureter cysts in b-mode us and ivp were analized retrospectively .
results 20 ureter cysts had all been checked by b-mode us and ivp . of these , there were 30 diseased ureters .
b-mode us can reveal the sites , status , size and the changes of the cysts directly .
the typical images of the reversed cobras sneeking into the bladder were the speciality of ivp .
b-mode us and ivp can both diagnose the disease pricisely and can both be regarded as the firstchoice methods to diagnose it .
to explore imaging diagnosis of ewing 's sarcoma of bone and improve diagnostic capacity .
according to imageological features , ewing 's sarcoma of bone was divided into three types ( sclerotic , osteolytic and mixed ) .
in this series , sclerotic type , osteolytic type and mixed type were 20 % , 50 % and 30 % , respectively .
when methods of multiple imaging diagnosis were employed , diagnostic capacity of ewing 's sarcoma of bone may be improved .
to assess the value of pharmacopenile duplex ultrasonography ( ppdu ) for diagnosis of arteriogenic impotence .
vv in venous impotence group is higher than that in psychogenic impotence group and arteriogenic impotence group .
to investigate the clinical applicant value of color doppler flow imaging ( cdfi ) on evaluating the brachial artery endothelial function .
purpose to evaluate the imaging feature of sacral tumors .
thirty pathologically confirmed sacral tumors were studied by ct scan .
to study the characteristics of mitral annular motions in normal subjects using pulsed doppler tissue imaging ( dti ) .
paralled method : 25 cases , dignostic accuracy was 90 % ~ 100 % .
coaxial method : 10 cases , dignostic accuray 90 % .
to evaluate the role of native tissue harmonic imaging ( nthi ) in the diagnosing of hepatic cancer .
using fundamental imaging and nature tissue harmonic imaging , we compared and analyzed the imaging difference of 53 patients with hepatic cancer comfirmed by pathyology .
nthi can improve the accuracy of diagnosis hepatic cancer .
the port-catheter system has good effect on treating hepatic malignant neoplasm , especially indwelling catheter in gastroduodenal artery .
purpose 76 patients with obstructive jaundice were treated by surgical treatment .
the value of ultrasonography ( us ) to demonstrate the level and cause of obstructive jaundice were compared with computed tomography ( ct ) .
causes of obstruction included choledocholithiasis , malignent tumor , pancreatitis and other benign tumor .
purpose to evaluate the ct manifes-tation and dignostic value of capsular retraction in malignant hepatic tumors .
of 206 patient with intrahepatic tumors or tumor-likes , ct scans in 24 patient showed capsular retraction or umbilication .
this kind of cr was smooth and regular . ( 2 ) irregular in 5 .
the tumor margin extending to the liver surface was irregular .
all 24 tumors were malignant . the specicity was 100 % .
capsular retraction occurs the hepatic surface adjacent to a variety of malignant hepatic tumors . this findings was never associated with a benign tumor or tumor-like .
objective 12 cases of skull base metastases were analyzed with ct and mr imaging manifestations features .
all 12 cases with pathology identification .
7 cases male , 5 cases female .
9 cases were examined mri ;
2 cases with ct and mri ;
1 case with ct .
results 10 cases with single tumor .
2 cases with multitumors .
the location of skull base metastases in 8 cases was in middle cranial fossa ;
2 cases in anterior cranial fossa ;
2 cases in posterior cranial fossa .
to delineate the ct and mr imaging features of chordomas in the skull base .
ct and mr imaging studies of 71 patients with the chordomas arising from the skull base .
the cystic components or necrosis were intratumoral in 37 patients and bony invasion in 63 cases .
intratumoral calcification was found in 41 cases with ct examination and hemorrhage in 21 cases with mr scan .
ct was able to find intratumoral calcification .
mri was superior to ct for delineating the growth style of the tumor and its relationship to the surrounding anatomic structures .
in addition , there was a signifcant difference ( p < 0.05 ) between two groups with margin of the tumor and enhancement of the meningeal .
in logistic regression analysis , t2wi signal intensity shows significant difference ( p < 0.01 ) between two groups .
cavernous angioma can be strongly suspected if mr images reflect the above features .
to explore significant diagnosis to tumor on jugular foramen area ( jfa ) , depending on its tumor different manifestation on mr.
thirty-one cases of tumors on jfa were reported and confirmed by pathology , and analysis of character mr presenting for different kinds of tumor on jfa .
mr have its own manifestation to different tumors on jfa , and can give correctly located and qualitative diagnosis .
mri have a very important diagnosis values for detecting tumors on jfa .
to analyse mr manifestation of tumors in cavernous sinus ( cs ) and explore the reference values for the diagnosis of tumors on cs .
methods 24 cases of tumors on cs were reported , which confirmed by pathology .
mri give important reference values for treatment and diagnosis to tumors on cs .
to evaluate the effectiveness of dynamic contrast enhancement mri in the diagnosis of pituitary microadenomas .
lesions were seen equally well on the standard and dynamci sequences in 9 cases .
dynamic mri improved lesion detection over standard sequences after contrast infusion . both sequences are necessary , and combined study of the sequences can improve the detection sensitivity .
purpose to investigate the usefulness of trans-cranial color doppler in the diagnosis of diabetic cerebrovasculer disease .
methods 39 patients underwent the examination of transcranial doppler ultrasound .
the dynamic changes of cerebral blood flow with higher pulsatility index like as cerebral arteriosclerosis were found in 89.7 % of the patients .
transcranial color doppler has important usefulness in the diagnosis of diabetic cerebrovascular disease .
objectvie to assess the prevalence and severity of carotid atherosclerosis in patients with acute cerebrolvascular diseases and detect the risk factor of carotid atherosclerosis .
the prevalence of carotid plaque in stroke patients and control subjects were 63 % , 36.5 % respectively .
the incidence of carotid artery stenosis >
50 % in ischemic stroke patients was more than other two groups ( 15.6 % , 4.3 % , 2.1 % respectively , p < 0.05 ) .
as ages goes by , the severity of carotid atherosclerosis will be increeased , but the most incidence of carotid stenosis >
75 % was group aged from 61 ~ 70 years and reduced over 70 years old .
to investigate the ct , ctm and mr features of basilar impression ( bi ) and find the best investigation program .
in 5 cases , in which both mr and ctm were performed , syringomyelia was present on mr in 3 cases and on ctm only in one .
purpose to evaluate the knowledge of ct , mri features and pathology in intracranial mixed tumor .
the diagnosis should be made when ct and mri were combined with clinical features of short disease history and fast growth .
our purpose was to improve the accuracy of the clinical dignosis of progressive supranuclear palsy ( psp ) in life .
two cases of psp dignosed by clinical observations and mri were analysed .
the autmortem diagnosis of psp might be possible on the basis of clinical manifestations and mri results , other neurological disease should be ruled out .
to understand the blood flow change of glaucomatous field 's early change .
the blood flow of the peak systolic velocity ( psv ) , the end diastolic velocity ( edv ) and resistive index ( ri ) were examined .
to evaluate the clinical application of hrct and 3d reconstruction in the fracture of optic canal .
30 cases were proved by optic canal decompression .
the fracture were divided five types on ct : 1concave ;
2lineal ; 3comminuted ; 4inlay ;
5mixed .
36 cases had orbital wall fractures in 40 cases .
purpose b-mode scanning was applied to detection and location of nonmetal foreign bodies in maxillofacial region , and to operative removal of foreign bodies under ultrasound guidance .
meanwhile , the operation of removal of 5 kinds of non-metal foreign bodies in 24 cases was taken under ultrasonographic guidance .
non-metal foreign bodies in maxillofacial region were demonstrated by ultrasonography in satisfied results .
to study diagnostic value of hrct on bronchiectasis .
cylindrical bronchiectasis 29 cases , vericase bronchiectasis 9 , cystic bronchiecasis 5 , mixed 11 .
the diagnostic ratio : hrct 100 % , bronchography 84.4 % , conventional ct 75 % .
the hrct is best diagnostic method on bronchiectasis for time being .
to grade and value clinical significance of atrial-ventricular valve with two-dimensinal echocardiography ( 2-de ) and color doppler flow imaging ( cdfi ) .
mitral valve and tricuspid valve prolapse were classed three grades .
grade one was light prolapse , it must not take treatment ;
grade two was medium prolapse , it was considered operation ;
grade three was serious prolapse , it must be performed valve transplant operation .
we can exactly judge atrial-ventriculas valve prolapse with 2-de and cdfi , and provid reliable information .
two indices that determine a characteristic tumor flow , the bi-directional and low-peak indices , were computerized .
in phantom study , both indices of turbulence caused by stenosis were much higher .
in the clinical study , both indices were significantly higher in tumors than in the portal vein or hepatic vein .
a turbulence blood flow was detected in 77 % of hcc , whereas such detection seldom occured in the portal or hepatic vein .
this new technique has the potential to distinguish turbulence in hcc .
purpose to evaluate the therapeutic effects of compound hardening agent on giant cysts in liver or kidney by interventional way .
it is equal accurate of ivu and mru for renal and ureter malformations , but it is lower accurate for urinary stone .
and methods the study was to investigate the clinical , radiographic and pathological features of lymphangiomyomatosis ( lam ) .
high limited computer tomagraphy showed numerous cysts in both lungs in all the 2 patients .
to investigate the urethral pathological morphology at urethral anastomotic site in patients with dysuria occurred not longer after urethral operation .
twenty-eight cases of patients with dysuria after operation underwent sonourethrography .
of all , 12 cases were detected in 1st week postoperatively , 15 cases during 2nd to 4th week , 1 in 10th week .
only one case had no abnormal appearance sonographically .
urethrosonography postoperatively has great value in determining causes of dysuria , especially not longer after urethral operation .
to investigate urethral pathological changes when micturition contradicted with trial urethral dilation postoperatively .
sixteen patients were performed by sonourethrography , and which monitored urethral dilation .
urethral morphologic changes on sonogram were classified into two types according to micturition and trial urethral dilation each type had 8 cases .
type ii indicated that the sound was introduced unsuccessfully when the patients had no abnormal voiding .
to study vascular features of leiomyoma and adenocarcinoma .
there were poor in vascularity and rich contrast medium puddle in parenchyma of adenocarcinoma .
diagnostic corresponding rate of leiomyoma was 60 % , while it of adenocarcinoma was 37.5 % .
the vascular cast is a trust method of observe and measure on the blood vessels .
to investigate urethral morphological changes in patients with stress incontinence after the operation of traumatogemic urethral stricture .
thirteen patients with stress incontinence after the operation of urethral stricture underwent sonourethrography . membranous closure function and its surrounding structure were detected carefully .
sonourethrography could display abnormal mophorlogical changes of urethra and its surrounding structure in patients with stress incontinence postoperatively .
to obtain the urethral morphological information in the patients with basically normal micturition postoperatively .
thirty-six patients with urethral strictures by injury underwent sonourethrography postoperatively .
this indicated that 36 percent of the patients with normal voiding appeared abnormal urethral morphologic changes postoperatively .
ultrasound detection for the patients with basically normal micturition after operation is very useful to evaluate postoperative micturition objectively .
to study morphologic characteristics of urethral anastomotic site postoperatively in urethral stricture by injury .
ninety-two patients with the urethral stricture underwent sonourethrography within one year after operation , including open urethroplasty in 68 cases , internal urethrotomy in 25 cases .
each type had its own sonographic appearance and corresponding clinical presentation .
a sonourethrographic study on morphology of urethral anastomotic site will lay down morphological base in assessing postoperative micturition and further management correctly .
to evaluate the technique of sonographic urodynamics in diagnosis of female stress urinary incontinence ( sui ) .
there was significant difference ( p = 0.0001 ) in anatomic and functional parameters between sui group and control group .
the uvj-m in sui group was higher than that in control group ;
the tr in sui group was lower than that in control group ;
there was a negative correlation between uvj-m and tr ( r = -0.58 , p = 0.0001 ) .
the result of this study supports the theory of inadequate abdominal pressure transmission in female stress urinary incontinence .
to study the relationship between the stricture diameter and its ratio ( stricture diameter / prestenotic urethral diameter ) obtained from sonography and the maximum urinary flow-rate .
urinary flow-rate determination combined with urethrosonography is helpful to evaluate postoperative micturition objectively .
4ct imaging features were slightly hyperdensity and most structure of them inhomogenously , some irregular calcification could be found inside the mass ;
5adjacent skull base bone were damaged in most cases , about 68 % ;
6after contrast administration , most lesion were inhomogenously enhanced .
to identify the early mri findings and pattern of brain injury in neonates with hypoxia-ischemia encephalopathy ( hie ) .
mri was peformed in 25 neonates with hie with 7 days of life .
3subcrotical and periventricular white matter lesions ;
4basal ganglia and thalamus lesion ;
5abnomal signal intensity in brain stem .
to investigate the echocardiography features of lvt and its diagnostic value .
the ecg features of lvt have relation to basic heart disease .
ecg examination can detect lvt in time , observe the changes of lvt currently and guide clinic treatment .
the interobserver difference is not of significance .
in 80.3 percent of these patients the left ventricular contrast enhancement reached above grade 2 at a dose of 0.08ml/kg .
the results showed that the contrast effect was influenced by some fatctors such as old age , high body weight index and poor heart function .
results 91.43 % of them ( 32 / 35 ) were first discovered and diagnosed by echocardiography .
at first time examination , the correct echocardiographic diagnosing rate and missed and misdiagnosis rate were 71.43 % and 28.57 % respectively .
clinicians should be aware of cardiac tumor while echocardiographiers should be cautious in diagnosis .
to analayse the ct findings of malignant pleural mensothelioma and determine the usefulness of ct in the differential diagnosis of pleural diseases .
the ct scans of 22 patients with malignant pleural mensothelioma proved histologically were retrospectively reviewed , and the differential diagnosis of pleural diseases was also discussed .
to discus the value of the radiological diagnosis of the primary malignant duodenal tumors .
retrospective case review of 21 patients of duodenal tumors . they were verified surgico-pathologically .
x-ray manifestations of primary malignant duodenal tumors were included : 1filling defect ; 2changes of mucosal folds ; 3stenosis ; 4crater .
based on the clinical and radiologic manifestations of the tumors , correct diagnosis can be obtained before operation .
to explore the changes of cardiac structure and function in patients with chronic renal failure ( crf ) and the effects of hemodialysis on heart .
to analyse the ct appearances of angiomyolipoma and characters of the scan technique .
conventional 10 mm scan thickness and interval and thin thickness scan of the lesion were done in 28 cases , the dynamic scan was done in 12 cases .
results 21 tumors contain component of fat , another 7 contain less or no fat .
thin thickness scan show the component of fat in 3 which conventional ct did n't show .
dynamic scan found one more lesion than conventional ct .
the renal angiomyolipoma with more fat has typical manifestations . it 's not difficult to diagnose .
thin thickness scan is valuable to find fat in tumors with less fat component which can raise the diagnostic rate .
dynamic scan is more sensitive of finding lesions .
to evaluate the hemodynamic changes of extrarenal renal arteriovenous fistula using cdu .
to evaluate the ct features in the diagnosis and staging of testicular tumors .
plain and contrast enhanced ct scanning were performed in fourteen testicular tumors that proved surgically and pathologically .
ct is very helpful in the diagnosing and clinical staging of testicular tumor and has definite value in differentiating the kinds of testicular tumor .
to make early diagnose and improve the diagnotic rate of ectopic pregnancy .
with transvaginal colour doppler energy sonography examination .
results 1peritrophoblastic flow around the gestational sac and cardiac octivity within embryo were seen in normal gestational sac .
2peritrophoblastic flow or abundant flow was seen in complex adnexal mass .
3abundant flow was detected in the floating adnexal mass .
transvaginal color doppler energy imaging is an effective method in diagnosis of ectopic pregnancy in early stage . its diagnostic rate is 100 % .
to evaluate the effect of ultrasound in monitoring middle cerebral artery ( mca ) and umbilical artery ( ua ) blood flow .
the results showed that values of mca and ua in normal group were gradually decreased in correspondent to gestational period .
this study demonstrates that the monitoring of fetal blood flow velocity waveforms in mca and ua plays an important role in prediction of the fetus development and abnormality .
to discuss the improvement of typies of the placenta previa by ultrasound .
methods 36 patients with placenta previa underwent the utrasound and obsevered the relationship between the lower edge of placenta and internal os uterine .
there are four typies of placenta previa : 1the center of placenta cover the internal os uterine .
2the edge of placenta cover the internal os uterine completel .
3the lower edge of placenta reach the uterine margine but do n't cover the internal os uterine .
4the placenta reach the lower part of uterus and does n't reach the internal os uterine .
the type of the partial placonta previa by ultrasound is n't accurate and should be conceal .
it is more accurate for the partial placecta previa to divide the complete placeata previa into two subtypies : complete placeata privia and marginal placenta previa .
to evaluate the diagnosis of the diseases in aorta and its major branches with single breath-hold 3d ce mra .
in order to improve the assessment of spiral ct in spine trauma , we have studied the sct imagings of the patients with spine trauma .
the spiral ct findings of 20 cases with spine trauma were reported .
spiral ct is superior to routine ct . conclusion sprial ct is recommended for the diagnosis and treatment of spine trauma .
according to the technical characteristics of epi , to study the value and the limits of different contrast epi in the diagosis of brain diseases .
routine mri and epi were performed in 136 cases with brain diseases .
to clarify the technical characteristics of epi and compare epi with routine mri in the diagnosis of the brain diseases .
results 1the minimum acquisition time for epi is 30ms , by which motion artifacts were eliminated .
tse-irm could respectively demonstrate 72.75 % , 82.75 % , 85.06 % , 91.95 % , 91.95 % of all the lesions .
3the sensitivity of epi-t 2wi to hemorrhage and the sensitivity epi-dwi to superacute ischimia were higher than routine mri .
because of susceptibility artifact and the limit of resolution , epi can not take place of the routine mr scan technique .
but mr epi is the most rapid scan sequence among the clinical available techniques and epi could provide several new functional contrast imaging which have great clinical value .
to obtain high quality of prostate images through selection of proper surface coil and scanning protocol .
differences between the image quality obtained with the above two scanning methods were compared by t-test .
mr imaging of the prostate may be considered to be performed using phased-array coil for obtaining good image quality if patient situation is permitted .
purpose to assess the value of ct and pet in detecting spinal metastases .
thirty-four patients were studied ( 28 male and 6 famale , range age 24 ~ 74 years ) . 34 patients with primary tumor were confirmed .
to compare the results with ct and pet .
to discuss the ct findings and diagnostic value of ct scan in-patients with acute thoracic injuries .
the ct findings of acute thoracic injuries were analyzed in 256 cases .
purpose to describe high-resolution computed tomography ( hrct ) findings of asthma and compare those findings with chest plain films .
purpose to discuss the classification and diagnosis of pulmonary apex carcinoma in imaging through reviewing their clinical and imaging manifestation .
there are 16 patients of pulmonary apex carcinoma proved by pathology and clinic , 12 patients proved by pathology , 4 patients proved by clinic .
the carcinoma was divided into two types in the base of plain film : type of pleural thicken and mass .
the classification of pulmonary apex carcinoma makes doctors choice suitable methods in examination .
plain film is the base of other imaging methods , the lesion can be showed and diagnosised with plain film and ct scan .
puropose to evaluate benign solitary palmonary nodules ( bspns ) by using incremental dynamic enhanced ct .
in 37 patients with bspns confirmed by operation and pathology , serial dynamic enhanced ct scans were performed and ct-pathological correlative study were analysed .
most hamartomas showed inhomogereous enhancement .
sclerosing hemongiomas showed markly inhomogereous enhancement because of the granulomatous tissue with marked vascularity .
dynamic enhanced ct can improved the qualitative diagnosis of bspns . the enhanced extent and types are closely correlated with pathologic-histology of bspns .
puropose to study the relationship betwwen imaging manifestation of lung papillary carcinoma and its pathological findings .
the imaging manifestation and pathological finding were studied comparatively . results the nodular and mass in image indicate the papillary carcinoid tissue and twisted destructed structure ;
the satellite nodular sign in film represent the obstructive pneumonia , bronchiolitis or bronchiolar abscess correspondingly in pathology .
lung papillary adenocarcinoma , as a subset lung adenocarcinorma , has a low moebidity .
since the growing manner of similar to that of bronchoalveolar cell carcinoma , it is likely to be misdiagnosed , especially for biopsy .
purpose to study the ct findings of spherical pneumonia and to differetiate it from other spherical lesion particularly pulmonary carcioma .
ct finds of 26 cases of spherical pneumonia clinically proved were analysed retrospectively .
2the density at the central area , some-times presenting a halo-like apperance ;
3irre-gular or spiculate margins with illdefined outline could be seen ;
4there was extensive pleural thickening involving interlobar fissure as a response to inflamation ;
5there were small patches of slightly high density and ( or ) intensified vascular markings surrounding the lesions ;
6after short-term anti-inflam-matory therrapy , most lesions were obviously reduced in size .
ct examination is very helpfully to the correct diagnosis of spherical pneumonia .
purpose to evaluate 1h magnetic resonance spectroscopy ( hmrs ) in the study of normal adult brain .
sixty cases of healthy adults were selected , point resolved spectroscopy sequence was required for 1hmrs .
results 1no prominent difference of shape and peak arrangement was seen at the different ipsilateral site in the same age groups ;
while difference at the same site in the different age groups was present .
the ratio of naa / cr and mi / cr was gradually lower from anterior to posterior part of the brain .
3negative correlation of cho / cr with age was present in groups aged lower than 50 years old ;
while correlation of cho/cr , mi/cr and glu-n / cr with age was present in groups aged greater than 50 years old .
conclusion 1hmrs plays an important role in the evaluation of biochemical changes in the normal adult brain .
purpose to discuss the method of 1hmrs in temporal lobe and establish the normal range of the metablelic value in chinese people .
there was no significant difference of naa / cr + cho , naa / cr and cho / cr between two temporal lobes .
the mean naa / cr + cho ratio was 0.72 , the lower limit of naa / cr + cho was 0.60 .
diffusion-weighted mr imaging is highly accurate for diagnosing superacute stroke ( 6 hours of the onset of stroke symptoms ) and is superior conventional mr imaging .
purpose to study the mri features of congenital pineal cyst and improve the diagnosis .
mr images of 13 cases of congenital pineal cyst were stadied and reviewed retrospectively .
mri clearly demonstrated the size image and signal featrees of congenital pineal cyst , can disided the qualitative diagnosis .
mri is playing a very important role in the diagnosis of congenital pineal cyst .
transesophageal echocardiographic ( tee ) observation of left atrial appendage ( laa ) stunning after conversion of non-valvular atrial fibrillation .
results 1laa blood flow frequency spectrum became of sinus rhythm model after conversion .
2laa-pev was 30.8 10.3 cm / s before conversion , 23.3 10.2 cm / s 24h after conversion ( p < 0.001 ) .
4sec was present in left atrium in 7 cases before conversion , increased in density in 5 of 7 after conversion ;
sec was absent in 10 cases before conversion , appeared in 3 of 10 after conversion .
evaluation the left ventricular function and prognosis in the patients with left ventricular dysfunction by use cpetucg .
to investigate the characteristics of mitral annular motion in nomal subjects using doppler tissue imging ( dti ) .
mitral annular motion in 35 cases of normal subjects form apicial four-chamber view and two-chamber view were detected with dti-m mode .
to evaluate the diagnosis values of transesophageal echocardiography and magnetic resonance imaging for diagnosing the aortic dissection .
purpose to assess diagnosis value of the 99mtc-mibi lung uptake in the cad .
the myocardial infarction group showed higher lhr values at rest than the control group and angina pectoris group ( p < 0.0025 ) ;
a negative correlation was observed between lhr values and lvef at rest and exercise in the angina pectoris group ( p < 0.001 ) .
both higher or lower lhr at rest and exercise in cad patients have diagnosis value . lhr may be used in evaluation of left ventricular function .
purpose to study the imaging findings of pancreatic adenocarcinoma and evaluate the diagnostic value of each imaging technique .
4existence of vascular involvement ;
5existence of adjacent organs involvement ;
6liver metastasis ;
7lymph nodes involvement .
purpose to establish a new practical method on showing activation of mast cell .
the more the activation of mast cells under electric microscope , the more c-fos positive mast cells in the sample .
for showing the activation of mast cell , the method combined c-fos expression and regular histologic staining is easily performed and practical .
to demonstrate the value of sonography introduced intracavitarily ( intravaginal or transrectal ) .
the patients is instructed to take oral laxative the day before sonography .
conclusion 1diagnostic d + c is advised for patients with endometrium 5 ~ 8mm thick and who had been on protracted tomoxifen regime ;
2diagnostic d + c is strongly advised for postmenopausal uterine bleeding patients who have endometrium >
purpose to observe the effect of the operation of percutaneous uterus artery embolism ( puae ) .
the effects were evaluated by palpation , 2-d ultrasound and hemoglobin .
the operation of puae is a simple and effective way in treatment of patients with uterus myoma .
our objective is to describe the color doppler flow imaging and b-mode ultrasonic appearance of fat necrosis in subcutaneous tissue .
methods 12 cases of fat necrosis were reviewed for their sonographic features and compared with the biopsy , operation and pathology .
the sonographic appearance is well demarcated no capsule , lower echo area in the subcutaneous tissue .
there was shadowing behind the lesion . cdfi did not show any flow signals in or around the necrosis .
the ultrasonic imaging of fat necrosis is characteristic and quite valuable in the diagnosis .
to evaluate the value of soundgraphy in diagnosis of uterine cavity disease and barrenness .
soundgraphy results were similar to iodine-graphy oncs , but former was easier view than later .
the transvaginal soundgraphy was 23 per cent higher than routine ultrasound in diagnosis uterine cavity polyn and 13 per cent higher in mucosa myoma .
ultrasound contrast of uterine cavity was similar with iodine-grapgy in diagnosis barrenness , ultrasound was advantage to non-ultrasound graphy .
the diagnosis rate increased by 13 per cent over routine ultrasound one significantly .
the workstation and software is ge aw and navigator , which was used to become the row images to three-dimension virtual endoscopic imaging .
it is a available and reliable means to diagnose meniscal tears using mmrve .
to investigate the germ cell apoptosis in different age rat testes after diagnostic ultrasound .
methods 36 male sprague-danles rats were randomly separated into six groups of six according to different ages .
after radiation apoptotic incidence in all experimental groups was significantly higher than control groups ( p < 0.001 ) .
purpose the study was to evaluate the cardiac morphologic changes in pregnancy-induce hypertension ( pih ) patients before and after parturition with echocardiography .
the pericardial effusion ( pe ) was also detected .
the most significant changes of the cardiac morphology are the increased diameters of la , lvd , thickened ivs and pe .
most of pih patients ' pe disappeared and about half of other abnormalities could recover to be the level of normal pregnant postpartum within 2 months .
purpose to investigate the maternal hemodynamic characteristics in pregnancy-induced hypertension ( pih ) by means of doppler ultrasonography .
the pih patients have different hemodynamic profiles and tpvri could be a better indication of pih hemodynamic changes than the finger arterial doppler parameters .
purpose to evaluate the renal artery hemodynamcs in pregnancy-induced hypertension ( pih ) patients before and after the parturition with doppler ultrasonography .
changes in b/a ratio may be indicative of similar changes in tpvri .
purpose to evaluate endothelial function of patients with pregnancy-induced hypertension ( pih ) by ultrasonography .
the quantity of blood flow varied greatly among the patients .
purpose to assess the meanings of vertebrobasilar artery ultrasonic doppler examination in the etiological diagnosis of vertigo .
purpose to provide a clinical reference in diagnosing basilar invagination by mri .
the patients whose mra discover cerebrovascular disorders in above 72 cases .
however , the abnormal cerebral vasculature that tcd discovers , the rate of relevant changes that mra shows .
the principally abnormal manifest that tcd discovers is the type of increasing blood flow velocity .
this abnormal type is further devided into that of bilatery symmetry and that of bilateral non-symmetry .
to monitor the distribution of interventional radionuclide in thyroid and other areas in human body by bremsstrahlung phenomenon and evaluate the credibility of this method .
232p bremsstrahlung imagings of thyroid were performed after interventional nuclide theraphy and they were compared with 99mtc thyroid scans .
results 132p bremsstrahlung spectrum of the model is a continual curve and its highest energy peak is about 83 kev . the optimum energy window is 60 % .
2the ideal 32p bremsstrahlung imaging of human body would be gotten with above factors .
it 's practicable to monitor the distribution of therapeutic radiopharmaceutical in human body utilizing bremsstrahlung imaging technology .
to study clinical value of ect and color doppler flow image ( cdfi ) examination to thyroid cancer 's diagnosis and operative treatment .
analyse ect and cdfi images of thyroid cancer were confirmed by operation , compared with pathologic diagnosis .
the rate of accord was 75 % in 112 patients who were examined by cdfi and pathology .
the image examinations are credible methods for diagnosis of thyroid cancer before operation . this is important in choosing operative pattern and improving quality of operation .
the aim of this study was to assess the accuracy of myocardial contrast echocardiography ( mce ) with dobutamine for detecting non-flow-limitting coronary stenosis .
dobutamine may be used as a stress agent for mce in detecting coronary stenoses .
to explore the ultrasonic diagnosis feasibility of intraspinal occupancy diseases .
to evaluate the efficacy of losartan on cardiac structure and function in patient with essential hypertension .
blood pressure was decreased significantly with treatment of losartan for 4 weeks ( p < 0.001 ) .
left ventricular diastolic function was improved at the end of 4 weeks .
losartan could considerably and safely decrease blood pressure . it also produced a significant regression of left ventricular hypertrophy and improvement of left ventricular diastolic function .
to evaluate the value of low-dose dobutamine-nitroglycerin echocardiography ( dne ) for detecting viable myocardium .
the sensitivity , specificity and accuracy of dne for detecting viable myocardium were 80 % , 81 % and 82 % respectively .
dne is a sensitive and reliable method for detecting viable myocardium . the test is safe and has high clinical value .
purpose the low-dose dobutamine stress echocardiography have been proposed for the detection of residual stenosis of infarct-related artery .
to study the ct menifestations of bronchial mucoid impactions to improve diagnostic efficacy .
there were x-ray films , conventional ct in all of patients with bronchial mucoid impactions and hrct in 10 cases .
the ct showed mucoid impaction as thick , branching structures resembling branches of tree 71.4 % , small clubs 14.3 % , multiple spherical shape 14.3 % .
ct examination is an optinal approach to find out bronchial mucoid impacvtion .
purpose to summarize the appearance of the normal thymus on spiral ct .
recognition of variations in size and shape of the normal thymus on spiral ct scan is of importance value at the diagnosis of the abnormal thymus .
purpose to evaluate the imaging features and managerial guidelines of partial anomalous pulmonary venous drainage of the left upper lobe .
to investigate the evaluation of ct scan in the diagnosis and operation choice of the mini-breast cancer , occult cancer and axillary lymphatic metastasis .
to diagnose the diseases of musculi pectoralis major , it is important to recognize the ultrasonic image of normal musculi .
we compared the musculi pectoralis major of healthy human being with the fresh motion musculus of pig , in vitro , by the high frequency ultrasound .
methods 125 patients with breast tumor were examined by 99mtc-mibi multiphase imaging and semi-quantitative analysis was performed and the retention index was calculated .
the histopathologic features of the lesions greatly influenced with breast tumor imaging characteristics .
the diagnostic sensitvity , specificity were 90 % and 87 % , respectively .
purpose to study the effects of diagnosis and treatment of chyluria by retrograde pyelography of meglumine diatrizoate .
the treatment of 22 cases with chyluria were analysed retrospectively .
2total effects included 19 patients ( 86 % ) had clear urine and 3 patients ( 14 % ) relief of symptoms .
it played a role in diagnosis and treatment for chyluria , it was found to be safe , simply operative , effective and minimally invasive .
to improve imaging recognition of infantie polycystic kidney disease ( ipkd ) .
imaging combining examination may make a firm diagnosis .
color doppler ultrasonography plays an important role in dignosis of iugr and evaluation of fetal intrauterine status . it should be an important part of perinatal medicine .
purpose to evaluate the value of color doppler flow imaging ( cdfi ) in the diagnosis of deep venous thrombosis ( dvt ) of lower extremities .
methods 712 veins of 89 patients with suspected dvt were examined by both cdfi and venography ( vg ) .
results 643 / 712 dvt confirmed by vg were diagnosed successfully by cdfi .
the sensitivity , specialty and accuracy of cdfi were 98.62 % , 90.00 % and 97.89 % , respectively .
cdfi is a reliable means of choice for assessing dvt .
purpose to investigate the influence of some major technical factors upon the examinning effect during dsa examination .
optional choice among various technical factors would be conductive to obtaining images of high quality and reduce the radiation and the cost of machine expectancy mean while .
to study principle and design of automatic exposure control for digital x-ray device .
to automatically adjust x-ray tube voltage of fluoroscopy for image brightness control , to use phototimer for autocontrol of exposure time .
image contrast and film image density is quickly adjusted by mechanism of automatic exposure control to optimize imaging .
automtic exposure control help ensure image quality in digital x-ray imaging .
this paper describes a method of extension spd to measure clinic parameters of stereotactic radio feilds .
in comparable range , it show available for measuring clinic parameters of stereotactic radio field to make a comparision between our results and zhang hongzi et al .
analysis on its important roles in research of arrhythmia and other clinical ecg diagnosis are also presented .
when tissues are heated by high-intensity focused ultrasound , it 's important to compute the acoustical field and to estimate tissues ' temperature rising .
this paper reports a location measurement instrument of vein vessel by ultrasound .
the experiment of model simulation has been worked successfully . it has certain value in clinic .
the system is good in practical utility .
calcium participates in many physiological and pathological metablism as a crucial signal and has important roles in ischemic neuronal damage .
our data revealed the [ ca2 + ] i increased rapidly after adding nacn .
l-glutamate produced a persistent elevation of [ ca2 + ] i .
we measured a detectable small elevation of [ ca2 + ] i after starting superfusion of ischemia-simulating medium .
[ ca2 + ] i levels were lower in ischemia-simulating medium than in the hypoxia-simulating medium .
the paper reviews membrane technologies and their applications in pharmaceutics and hospital
on the basis of the presupposed conditions , acquisitions of 360 .
were conducted ; the 48 groups of original data acquired were processed for reconstruction , and then the model images reconstruct were observed and studied .
hemorheological characteristics of two antihypertensive agents were analysed under same conditions .
a lot of hair cuticles scale off and microfilament fuse and disappear in f group ;
some hair cuticles scale off and microfilament lined turbidly ; the morphological changing in b group are situated between the f and z group .
the relative quantities of the bcl-2 in the nucleus of apoptotic cells decreased also . but that in the cytoplasm increased .
there existed an apparent significant negative correlation between expression of bcl-2 and macrophage apoptosis .
combined using of the immunofluorescence and laser scanning confocal microscope was an ideal method for detection of intracellular protein expression .
to study the effects of magnetic material which has low curie temperatue induced by high frequency electromagnet for tumors .
the method is beneficial to automatic temperature for the treatment of tumors .
purpose : to discuss the neuroelectrophys iological mechanisms of damage of brain function development in offsprings of rats exposed to x-band pulse microwave during pregnancy .
5 mw /cm2 has not the effects mentioned aboveand .
these findings correlated well with the former behaviral test results .
there is relation between abnormality of hud and ltp and impairment of brain function development of rat fetus induced by microwave radiation .
it pays close attention to the mechanisms of the ischemic neuronal damage in the field of neuroscience .
tunel method which is used to discriminate apop totic cell death from necrotic one is easily influenced by many factors else .
purpose : to study the effects of infra red rays on lymphocyte proliferation in mice .
materials and methods : the precision and accuracy of target position in z axis plane and x axis plane were measured by the film dosimeter .
the tolal precision and accuracy of target position in z axis plane and x axis plane were ( 0.9 0.3 ) mm and ( 0.8 0.2 ) mm .
purpose : introducing a new stereotactic simulation device for conventional radiotherapy of head and neck cancers and the using method .
a manmade target is simulated with the device and method and the parameters is verified under philips mc-p50 simulator .
achieving high spatial resolution is the major task in developing the imaging modalities .
after placing 1.5 mol / l solution and 6.1mol / l solution the threshold of cap rose obviously , especially in the field of high frequency .
in the same time , there were directly explanations about wavelet in this pater .
the article designed a circuit of body capacitance impedance measurement according to circuit of phase measurement and circuit of impedance measurement .
the input impedance of the circuit was larger than 10 m . the output was direct signal . the minimal ratio of voltage and impedance was 5 mv/ .
the range of capacitance impedance measurement was 1 ~ 50 and the precision was 0.1 .
the precision and the stability all were 0.1 when the circuit was used to measure body .
an apparatus was designed in this research for intracavity laser irradiation therapy .
the apparatus that combined light fiber and image fiber could provide visible image of inside bodies and could guide laser exactly to focus .
so it can provide a convenience , low-cost and easy to repeat means to treat the diseases in cavities with laser .
purpose : this paper studied the dielectric character of rouleaux in human .
the permittivity of rouleaux was high than cleaned blood by pbs .
the permittivity at low frequency is expected encourage the kinetic approach to the study of rouleaux , which has been theoretic basis to measuring erythrocyte sedimentation rate .
to determine the mechanism of cell-mediated autoimmune response caused by coxsackievirus b3 on cardiac myocyte .
to set up cellular model of cell-mediated autoimmune injuring myocytes after affected by coxsackivevirus b3 ( cvb3 ) , then analyze cardiac myocyte mechanics .
the cardiac myocyte contractility injured by immune response weaken .
qeeg can be used for monitoring depth of desflurane anesthesia , map and hr are not the ideal monitoring indices during desflurane anesthesia .
meanwhile , the amount of sod was no significant between the blank group and the positive group ( p > 0.05 ) .
the paper described the measurements of basic parameters for medical electron linem accelerator dosage distribution .
the qualitative evaluation of human brain can be provided by the results for diagnostics . it can improve the results using fcm .
the results indicated that the fluorescence spectra of normal blood and hbsag positive blood all appear peak value near 710 nm , but the peak positions are different .
irradiated with he-ne laser , fluorescence of hbsag positive blood had been becoming strong during 0 ~ 8 mins , but it became weak after 10 mins .
this paper brings forward a new technology of eeg telemetry .
the parametes are transmitted to the receiver for identification of data or synchronization in the other channel synchronously .
the paper describes designprinciple of electric circuit , and the result of animal test .
a software system of the pulse oximeter is presented in this paper .
the article introduced the structure and therapeutic mechanism of the iontherapy vacuum cup with chinese herbs on acupoints by impulse direct current .
it has the advantages of lower cost , simple operation and reliable effects , and is a new approach of physiotherapy .
purpose : it has been shown that the heart is a chaotic oscillator .
significant differences are also found between the lyapunov exponents of r-r interval series of normal ecg , ecg with mcs and ecg with ocs .
as a case of analyzing , some ecg waves at certain right chest lead locations can get a proper explanation .
the paper inquires into a new external temporary cardiac pacing method .
it takes intravenous injection isoptin 5mg into the male mongrel dog . after 5 minutes , the heartbeat of the dog suddenly stops ;
it does pacing experiment for the dog at this time and observes the results of the pacing experiment .
after temporary cardiac pacing , the heartbeat of the dog returns , pacing ecg of the dog appears , the pacing for the dog is active .
it is a new and benefit external temporary cardiac pacing method .
these two typies of radiator are wisely used in the hospitals . they have been marked therapeutics effects .
the resistivity of blood fiom patients with cerebral vascular disease , anticoagulated with dried .sodium heprin , were investigated .
the influence of fibrinogen on the resistivity might partly be the result of interfacial polarization and red cell rouleaux formation .
thestudy on super-elementary units of chromatin in the nanometer ( nm ) scale is a base step for the higher level .
afm provided the possibility of killing viras in physical method , with studying on the effect of the mechanical resonances on living cells .
as far as the medicine concerned , basic condition of test in clinic pathodogy has been formed in some fields .
the following results were obtained : the blood viscosity was lowed ;
the orientation index was increased ;
the results indicate that the magnetic field increases the rbc surface charge and results in the decrease of blood viscosity .
the pearly gallstone was discharged after treatment with magnetic field ( tmf ) .
the pearly gallstones are measured with ft-ir spectrometer .
the results demonstrate that mostly composition of this gall-stones is cholesterol and intermixture with some protean and inorganic calcium salt .
nature pearls is mostly composed with calcium carbonate .
their compositions are different .
the pearly gall-stones show sandwich of cholesterol crystal in structure .
the change of hemodynamics and hemorrheology induced by hypoxia challenge in the dog were investigated .
the results showed that hypoxia caused significant decrease of cardiac output , increased pulmonary artery pressure and pulmonary vascular resistance .
the calculating methods of the formulas are set up with numerical integral and computer program .
the space quantity distribution of magnetic induction of a circular permanent magnet is obtained through an objective example .
these provide theory basis for the magnet application in the field of magnetic biology effect .
to investigate the changes of gallbadder motive function in diabetics .
the diabetics had obvious gallbadder motive funciion obstruction and higher rates of chronic cholecystitis and choletethiasis with ultrasonograph observations .
the animals of experiment group were stimulated with 80v- 140v alternating current on time every days .
at day of sixteenth these animals were killed , and liver and intestine histology were analyzed .
to investigate epidemiological and clinical patterns of guillain-barre syndrome ( gbs ) in urban and rural areas in beijing municipality and hebei province , china .
on the basis of the diagnostic criteria of nincds , 54 patients were identified .
the age-adjusted incidence rates per 100 000 population for gbs were 0.9 in rural areas , and 0.8 in urban areas .
a peak agespecific incidence showed in adults aged 50 to 59 years .
a higher incidence appeared to occur in the spring and summer for rural residents , but not significant for urban population .
the epidemiological and clinical characteristics of gbs were similar to that reported in other countries . demyelinating gbs was the main pattern in present population-based study .
among the above-mentioned phosphorylation sites , ser-198 , ser-199 , ser-202 , thr-205 , thr-231 , ser-235 , ser-262 , ser-400 and ser-404 were seen in alzheimer .
to investigate whether as2o3 induces tumor cell apoptosis and cell cycle arrest .
results ( 1 ) stable integration of rsil-2r gene into the genome of //17 cho cell line has been identified ;
( 2 ) the apparent mr of rsil-2r was approximately 40 000 ;
the slop of the standard curve decreased significantly when il-2 was pre-incubated with goat anti-il-2 antibody igg ( p < 0.01 ) .
the nmda receptor activity was measured by radio-ligand of 3h-mk801 .
the constitutive and inducible nos ( cnos and inos ) activities were assayed by 3h-arginine conversion .
however , the 3h-mk801 binding activity reduced significantly from 4 h to 24 hand cnos activity did not change at the same time in dorsal samples .
nmda-nos pathway might play important role in dyn spinal neurotoxicity .
nos inhibitors and dyn might produce cooperative down-regulation on the function of nmda-nos pathway in dorsal cord .
( 2 ) observation of bystander effect by mtt method ;
( 3 ) observation of the growth inhibition effect of 5-fc on transduced cell xenografts in nude mice .
mixed cells containing only 10 % of transduced cells showed 50.7 % reduction of proliferation ( bystander effect ) .
mru is a noninvasive technique with excellent accuracy in the diagnosis of urinary tract obstruction .
a relatively smooth margin without spicules was showed in another 3 cases . after injection of contrast media all lesions were enhanced slightly .
purpose : to identify the ct findings of addison disease caused by adrenal tuberculosis ( tb ) .
materials and methods : the adrenal ct appearances in 18 cases verified by operation or long term follow-up with addison disease caused by tb were analyzed .
adrenal tb should not be excluded when the enlarged adrenal gland appears as a mass lesion .
the ct manifestations may help to elucidate the etiology of addison disease caused by adrenal tb and may also help to stage the tb .
purpose : to evaluate the clinical significance of three-dimensional ( 3-d ) computed tomographic reconstruction in the treatment of calcaneal fractrue .
the 3-d reconstruction was obstained from the raw data of 2-d images with act data processing system .
3-d ct is a useful technique for the diagnosis and surgical planning of calcaneal fractures .
purpose : to evaluate the value of mr arthrography ( mra ) in the diagnosis of rotator-cuff tears .
materials and methods : comparison analysis of mra and arthroscopy findings in 21 cases of traumatic rotator-cuff tears were carried out .
( 2 ) the contrast solution extravasated into the subacromial-subdeltoid bursa through the cuff defect .
in 8 of 12 cases with partial rotator-cuff tears , the mra appeared as : ( 1 ) the supraspinatus tendon was thinner than normal .
( 2 ) an unsmooth inferior surface of supraspinatns tendon and ( or ) a contrast solution filled crater on the inferior surface of this tendon were found .
( 3 ) no contrast media leaked into the subacromial-subdeltoid bursa .
in other 4 of 12 cases with partial rotator-cuff tears , no abnormal mra was found .
the concomitant contusion of greater tuberosity was found in all 12 partial rotator-cuff tears .
in the diagnosis of traumatic rotator-cuff tears , mra is highly reliable .
the correct diagnosis rates for complete tears and partial tears were 100 % and 66.7 % respectively .
purpose : to evaluate the clinical efficacy of embolization with nbca ( n-butyl cyanoacrylate ) in brain avms .
follow-up mr imaging showed norecanalization of embolized area in 9 cases 6 months after embolization . the complication related to endovascular therapy occurred in 3 cases .
purpose : to analyze the efficiency and safety of uterine artery embolization in the treatment of uterine myoma .
no uterine nicrosis and serious complication were found .
the clinical symptoms of all cases were lessened or disappeared . four cases had natural conceptions .
purpose : to assess the value of the sonographic diagnosis of non-lactation mastitis ( nlm ) .
materials and methods : the duplex sonography of 28 patients with nlm were retrospectively analyzed , correlated with clinical and pathologic diagnosis .
according to pathologic courses , nlm was classified into three types .
the various pathological courses of nlm can be well shown by the sonography . therefore the sonography should be the first choice for the diagnosis of nlm .
purpose : to explore the characteristics and diagnotic values of neuropsychological tests and spect with 99m tc-hmpao in parkinson 's disease ( pd ) .
the ratioes of all cognitive functions tested were significantly lower in pd group compared with that in na group .
neuropsychological tests and brain spect can be used as auxiliary means in the diagnosis of pd .
but sex-effect and regional-effect have not been found . the results of brain volume were 1 139 ~ 1 347 cm3 with younger man ;
purpose : to investigate the value of 1h-mrs in therapy and prognosis of cerebral infarction .
the metabolites of naa , cr , cho and lac were analyzed .
the signals from naa , cr , and cho in the lesions were compared with those on the contralateral side as peak area ratios .
lac in the lesion was compared with cr on the contralateral side as peak height ratios .
decreased naa , detection of lac , no obvious changes of cr and cho were showed in hyperacute stage of cerebral infarction .
as time progress , naa continued to decrease of even disappear ;
lac continued to present in acute and subacute stage , and gradually disappear in chronic stage ;
cr and cho also gradually decreased , but the decreased levels of cho were varied .
1h-mrs can provide information about metabolic changes that may be useful for prediction of therapeutic time window of cerebral infarction .
to analyse the morphology feature of intracranial arteriovenous malformations ( avms ) with dsa .
pacs was made of the ethernet and the dicom network , which were connected through hubs .
in 11 24h delayed scans bleeding was found in 7 cases with 4 localization correct .
( 4 ) no correlation was found between scintigraphy and bun / cr tests .
in prediction of bleeding , ob and bun / cr are not as accurate as scintigraphy .
to evaluate the diagnostic value of two-dimensional ultrasonography in the diagnosis of primary carcinoma of gallbladder ( pgc ) .
materials and methods : the ultrasonograms of 56 cases of pgc proved by operation and pathology were retrospectively analyzed .
two-dimensional ultrasonography plays an important role in the diagnosis of pgc .
to seek a safety and effective alternative noniodinated contrast media for dsa .
to evaluate the ralationship between temperatures and electrode distances , heating times and different intra-abdomimal sites during hyperthermia with radiofrequency capacitive heating device .
eighteen dogs ' temperatures of liver , spleen , kidney and peritoneal cavity were measured after heating 1h , 2h and 3h .
a higher temperature ( 42c ) can be obtained with prolonging the heating time to 2h or more .
when electrode distances changed between 28 to 32cm , the temperatures of different measured intra-abdomimal sites are simular .
using ge 1.5t signa horizon lx mri machine , spectra were obtained from 2cm 2cm 2cm cubes in the medial region of both temporal lobes .
the diagnostic value of 1h-mrs for the ld of tle was analyzed and compared with which of mri , pet and eeg .
we arbitrarily adopted the naa/ ( cr + cho ) <
all excised temporal lobes showed pathological changes .
the surgery was proved to be effective by follow -ups of all the 20 patients . both results demonstrated that the ld of all eeg were correct .
the 1h-mrs lds were same as which of eeg in 16 cases ( 80 % ) and different in 1case ( 5 % ) respectively .
both sides abnormalities were found more often in 1h-mrs ( 5 cases ) than which in pet .
we also found that patients with bilateral mrs abnormalities had a longer history of seizure than those with unilateral abnormal and normal group ( p < 0.05 ) .
to analyze the mri findings and characteristics of the cranial nerve tumors .
of the cranial nerve tumors , 177 were benign tumors , 6 were malignant tumors .
most of cases had following characteristic mri findings : olfactory nerve tumors were often located at anterior cranial fossae and appeared as lobulated mass ;
optic nerve tumors presented as nerve thickening ;
facial nerve tumor was located in mastoid with irregular shape ;
hypoglossal nerve tumors , vagus nerve tumors and hypoglossal nerve tumors were often located in an enlarged jugular foramen .
the accurate rate of diagnosis before operation was 97.3 % .
mri has a significant diagnostic value in evaluation of cranial nerve tumors .
to assess the clinical value of three dimensional ct angiography ( cta ) in cerebral vascular diseases .
to evaluate the diagnostic value of 3 dimensional electron beam computed tomography angiography ( 3d-ebcta ) in the diagnosis of pre-and postoperative intracranial arteriovenous malformation .
to analyse the diagnostic value of ct for glottic carcinoma .
materials and methods : ct images of 70 cases with glottic carcinoma proved by surgery and pathology from 1993 to 1998 were analyzed retrospectively .
sixty-five cases had positive ct findings and other 5 cases were negative .
among the 65 cases , left vocal cord , right vocal cord and both vocal cords were involved in 25,21 and 19 cases respectively .
fractures combined with sfmc in other parts of mandibular condyle were found in 4 cases .
three dimensional ct is a valuable method in the diagnosis of sfmc .
compared with taxol , they showed significantly decreased activity in the cytotoxicity assay in vitro against kb .
all of the target compounds and three of the inter-mediates were new compounds .
isoflavones , which are widely distributed in plants are one of the active compounds in many chinese herbs and have a variety of biological activities .
in this paper , we described the synthetic procedure of nine isoflavone-piperazine compounds , which had never been reported in previous papers .
the structures of the title compounds were confirmed by ir , 1h-nmr and gc-ms .
the results showed that the synthetic method was feasible and the yields and quality of the products were good .
some of them were evaluated from the antiallergic , antiinflammatory and analgesic tests .
the results showed that wl01 had stronger antiallergic and antiinflammatory effects and wl05 , wl07 and wl10 had stronger analgesic activity .
also , preliminary structure-activity relationships between them were discussed .
the ampiroxicam was synthesized and the total yield was 29.4 % .
the synthesis of -bromo-p-aminostyrene was reported .
it was an important intermediate of the total synthesizing analogue of ru 486 .
the uniform design and computer simulating were applied to optimizing synthesis process of 1,2,3,5-tetraacetyl- -d-ribofuranose .
the optimal result showed that the amount of acetyl anhydride used was decreased by half and the electric energy was also saved .
the biosynthesis of unnatural compounds are studied extensively nowadays .
this paper reviewed the main research results of the organosilyl compounds biosynthesized by organisms and enzymes .
such phenomenon in regression analysis did not have definite results that were already proved by direct simulation and possible reappearance .
authors suggest that the plans with linearly equivalence should be used with great care .
selenazole ( 3 ) was treated with naome and then aminated by nh3 to give ( 1 ) .
seven phosphoniums were designed and synthesized ( four of which are new compounds ) .
they were studied by using the cndo / 2 quantum chemical method , 28 phenylamine derivatives were calculated . thus , 3 quantitative structure-activity relationships were obtained : <
the equations obtained in the paper could predict the cytotoxicities of phenylamine derivatives to rat hepatocyte .
extraction , isolation and identification of platycodin-d were improved via experiments .
the growth of transduced cells xenografts could be totally regressed by 5-fc .
cd / 5-fc system is a potential gene therapy strategy for pancreatic carcinoma .
to study the metabolism of perlolyrine in rats , which is an active ingredient from the traditional chinese herb , ligusticum wallichii franch .
after administration of perlolyrine and deuterated perlolyrine , the rat urines were hydrolyzed with glucuronidase , basified with nahco3-na2co3 , extracted with ethyl ether - iso-propyl alcohol .
the organic phases ( neutral and basic fractions ) were concentrated for trimethylsilyl ( tms ) derivatives .
the tms derivatives were determined by gas chromatograph mass spectrometry ( gc-ms ) .
it was proposed that the major metabolic pathways of perlolyrine were that the hydroxylation of perlolyrine and the oxidation of its hydroxylmethyl group .
when c6 / tk cell was treated with gcv at 5 g/ml for 72 hours , cell apoptosis occurred .
the apoptotic cells accounted for 23 % of the cell population .
the apoptosis of transduced c6 / tk glioma was induced by gcv , which fit in with the basis of hsv-tk-gcv gene therapy for glioma .
to summarize our experiences and lessons of difficult tracheal intubation for clinical anesthesia reference .
we had done a retrospective analysis of clinical data on difficult tracheal intubation in 2 825 patients undergoing elective plastic surgery with anesthesia .
by the cormack 's classification , all the patients had the laryngeal exposure of grade ii or more .
the incidence of successful intubation was 99.7 % .
the common complication of intubation was airway trauma and its incidence was 19.3 % in all the patients .
anesthetic techniques could affect significantly the intubation time and the incidences of complications in the patients with difficult intubation .
to investigate the necessity , safety and acceptability of routine papanicolaou ( pap ) smear in pregnant women and cytological characteristics of the smears during pregnancy .
abnormal epithelial change was found in 89 women ( 89/954,9.3 % ) of pregnant group , which was quite similar to normal controls group and gynecological group .
cervical pap smear test is necessary , safty and acceptable for routine prenatal tests . any pregnant women with infections must be treated as nonpregnant one .
after perfusion fixed , the brains were coronal sectioned and stained with he , tb and acetum plumbi / silver nitrate .
there were many cell types in ischemic core and penumbra , the proportion of cells changed according to reperfusion time .
reperfusion could aggravate cerebral edema and make the ischemic penumbra to expand during the first hours .
synovium was obtained from patients with rheumatoid arthritis undergoing synovectomies or joint replacement . cultures of synovial fibroblasts were established .
after 3 generations , cultured synovial fibroblasts were stimulated with il-1 .
to study the effect of various glazing techniques on color of porcelain-fused-to-titanium restorations and their surface texture .
the samples ' surface structure was observed under the same background .
the values of color difference were all smaller than 1.5 .
to probe into the pathogenic mechanisms of paraneoplastic encephalomyelitis ( pem ) or sensory neuronopathy ( psn ) .
anti-hu antibodies were identified by detecting the antigens of the nuclear extracts from the human cerebral cortex neurons with western blot analysis .
igg in the serum and csf and the albumin in the csf were tested with electroimmunodiffusion method .
to establish a reliable and rapid multiparameter flow cytometric approach for leukemia immunophenotyping .
results 5 of 46 immunophenotypic results from " fsc-ssc gating " showed false diagnosis , which were corrected by " cd45-ssc gating " .
there was no adverse effect in viscera tissues , and the infertility could be reversible in about 6 weeks following withdrawal of gossypol .
the fertility and the inducing abnormal histone-to-protamine replacement reaction as well as alteration of nuclear basic proteins could be recovered 10 weeks after withdrawal of drug treatment .
testicular morphology of the rats was observed from he and pas staining of paraffin sections .
f1 generation of the rats would be examined in a series of behavioral tests after their 6-week recovery periods .
but cauda epididymal sperm motility of drugs- treated rats went down to zero at the end of two phrases .
their f1 generation were proved to be normal through a set of behavioral tests .
study on human sperm nuclear basic proteins after low dose of gossypol treatment .
the th / tp ratio of control and the gossypol treated group were 0.17 0.07 and 0.63 0.79 ( p < 0.05 ) ;
the hp1/ ( hp2 + hp3 ) ratio of control and gossypol treated group were 1.05 0.21 and 1.47 0.18 ( p < 0.01 ) .
these two parameters were returned to normal after 10 weeks of stopping gossypol treatment .
changes of hprr and nuclear basic protein were reversible after stopping gossypol treatment .
the male contraceptive mechanism in rats of triptonide , isolated from multiglycosides of tripterygium wilfordii ( gtw ) , was investigated .
the dosage of triptonide was 200 g/ ( kg.d ) , fed for 8 weeks via gastric intubation .
the monoclone antibody against core and pres1 antigen could react with this fused protein by western-blot technique respectively .
using the cell-attached configuration of patch clamp technique .
g-protein may exert an important regulation in this process .
the role of nitric oxide ( no ) in excitotoxicity of kanic acid ( ka ) in the brain was investigated .
adult female rats were bilaterally intra-caudate nucleus injected with ka .
behavioral tests for learning and memory were started at 10th day after surgery .
both l-name and 7-ni ameliorated memory impairment induced by ka injection in passive avoidance response task .
only l-name improved ka-induced deficit in active avoidance reponse behavior .
this study gives further evidence that nos activation and excessive no may mediate ka-induced excitotoxicity .
early and repetitive use of nos inhibitors shows some protective effect on memory deficit induced by ka excitotocicity
to investigate the role of the midgasdtric transverse band ( mtb ) and gastro-py-loro-duodenal motility in functional dyspepsia ( fd ) and diabetic dyspepsia ( dd ) .
( 3 ) cytosolic calcium as well as nuclear calcium are handled improperly in caomv .
the alt = "
14.gif ( 125 ) "
when the producing alt = "
> of high concentration reactive system existing feso4 , the phenomena mentioned above showed obviously .
dna damage of the whole cell induced by extracellular alt = " 14.gif ( 125 ) "
>
the expression of c-myc gene of nih3t3 cell induced by alt = "
> was related closely to the concentration of alt = " 14.gif ( 125 ) " > .
to set up a human hepatitis b virus x ( hbx ) gene transgenic model .
the model was set up by microinjection , the integration and expression of the founders were identified by molecular hybridization .
a 1 800 bp dna fragment containing the human hbx promoter and genomic dna was microinjected into the male pronucleus of the fertilized eggs of mice .
to understand the characteristic of steroid diabetes by the analysis for clinical data of 162 cases with cushing syndrome ( cs ) proved by pathological report .
the onset age and duration of cs in gd group was obviously earlier and longer than normal glucose ( ng ) group .
bmi and 24 h ufc were no differance between two groups .
besides adrenal adenocarcinoma , no differance was found in types of pathology .
fbg of diabetes pre-operation was obviously lower than post-operation .
after operation , most diabetes need not on drug treatment .
only one secondery diabetes has family history .
therapeutical emphasis of steroid diabetes is radical cure of cs .
to discuss the effect of weight reduction on fat distribution and parameters of insulin sensitivity .
methods 12 caucasian women with simple obesity , aged 21 to 65 years , were treated by low caloric and high protein diet for four weeks .
however waist-hip rate , visceral-total fat rate , and subcutaneous-total fat rate did not change significantly .
fasting serum insulin , and fasting insulin-glucose rate decreased significantly . insulin metabolic clearance rate and , insulin sensitive index increased significantly .
fasting peptide c did not change significantly .
the low caloric and high protein diet can reduce visceral and subcutaneous fat . weight loss can improve insulin sensitivity and increase insulin metabolic clearance rate .
a retrospective study has been carried out to evaluate the prevalence of coincidence with hyperthyroidism and thyroid carcinoma .
the incidence of thyroid cancer was 3.0 % ( 12 / 394 ) in hyperthyroidism , and the incidence of hyperthyroidism was 4.9 % in thyroid cancer .
to clinical evaluate the results of total condylar knee arthroplasty using three types of chinese knee prosthesis .
the clinical results were evaluated according to hospital for special surgery rating system . results the average preoperative score was 47.65 and the postoperative score was 90.23 .
sixty-one of the 70 patients ( 87 % ) reported that they satisfied or very satisfied with the results of surgery . there were 6 failures .
( 2 ) dynamic measurements of nitric oxide ( no ) were made during peritoneal dialysis and its cessation ;
( 3 ) the pathological change of the peritoneal mesothelium in different dialysis time was observed by scanning electron microscope ( sem ) ;
( 4 ) dynamic changes of the peritoneal lymphatic stomata were studied during this experiment by using a computer image processing system attached to sem .
a great quantity of no produced by macrophages damaging mesothelial cells and increasing numbers and density of lymphatic stomata .
after 40 days of peritoneal dialysis , the diameters of the lymphatic stomata were significantly increased in bieffe group ( p0.05 ) .
to investigate the effect of propofol and etomidate for anesthesia induction on adrenocortical function .
propofol induction has little effect on adrenocortical function whereas etomidate induction inhibits adrenocortical function
abp mrna level was stage-dependent during the spermatogenic cycle .
cholera toxin b subunit coupled with colloidal gold ( cb-au ) retrograde labeling combined with cgrp immunocytochemistry technique was mainly used .
neither in odn ii nor in odniii group were there any changes on txb2 contents and txs mrna levels .
o investigate the changes of osteopontin mrna of skin and hair follicles of embryonic and postnatal rats .
the results indicated that when the rats were 18 days old , the signals of osteopontin mrna in dermal papilla ( dp ) of hair follicles were observed .
the purified mbp-ns3 and mbp-ns3-4a proteases were identified as 112 000 u and 116 000 u protein by western blot .
hcv ns3 / ns3-4a protease showed substrate cleavage activities by elisa .
the method confirmed that 8.36 mol / l 1,4-naphthoquinone had 50 % inhibitive activity on hcv serine protease .
nucleosome is the basic unit of chromatin .
nucleosome repression on gene transcription is a dominant factor in the tissue or cell type specific expression on a gene from the whole genome of an eukaryote .
derepression of chromatin to an open conformation may lead to the promotion of gene transcription .
evidence-based medicine ( ebm ) was developed from the progress of traditional clinical model trail patterns .
it has been accepted in developed countries and could be the guidelines for chinese clinical trials in the future .
to investigate the change of gastric solid emptying at different stages in diabetic rats , and the effect of chinese traditional medicine ( ctm ) on gastric emptying .
diabetes was induced by ip of strptozotocin ( stz ) , 65 mg/kg .
a test meal ( 42 kj ) labeled with 99mtc-sc ( 2.96 105 bq ) was provided .
to study the characteristics and pathogenesis of gut barrier damage following multiple firearm injuries in porcine models .
the animals were sacrificed at 72 hand ileum tissues were harvested for pathological examination and dao measurement .
one animal was sacrificed randomly at each stage for pathological study .
the residual cavity of one partially occluded model artery was enlarged .
two models ruptured on four and five days after embolization .
three embolized models and their parent arteries were all occluded .
pathological findings : acute pathological reaction occurred within vessels embolized with cap .
the orifices of aneurysmal models were covered with newly developed fibrous tissue and endothelial cells in two months after thrombosis .
we think that acute chemical erosive effect of cap was evident . a strong effect could lead to rupture of some of the cap thrombosed aneurysmal models .
besides , stenosis or occlusion of the parent arteries could be induced in some cases after embolization with cap .
for the above shortcomings and limitations , it should be improved carefully before it is applied in clinic .
cultured sh-sy5y cells were exposed to 16 ~ 64 mmol / l sodium azide for 1 hour , the mitochondrial complex iv activity decreased dose-dependently .
mtt absorbance decreased does-and time-dependently in cultured nerve cells treated by 16 ~ 128 mmol / l sodium azide for 1 ~ 8 hours .
arterial uptake of nanoparticles was enhanced greatly by surface modified nanoparticle with positively charged active agent dmab .
once nanoparticles located in artery , a high drug level could be maintained at local site for 2 days in vivo model .
patch clamp technique was used to record single channel and whole cell currents .
in whole-cell configuration were consistent with that in cell-attached patches .
but this channel activity could not be blocked by another cl- channel blocker zn2 + .
it is inferred that calcium-activated non-selectivecation channel recorded in endothelial cell ecv304 , can be inhibited by tnf- and a9c .
to describe the endovascular treatment of posterior aneurysm with balloon occlusion of ipsilateral vertebral artery .
the whole procedure was under systemic anticoagulation .
focal infarction was found in one patient .
purpose : to discuss the method of carotid artery with electron beam computed tomography ( ebct ) , and to evaluate the clinical value .
materials and methods : ct angiography was used to evaluate carotid arteries in 53 patients .
the data from ebct section were transferred to an independent workstation for reconstruction .
the correlation of ebcta and dsa were studied in 10 patients .
( 1 ) comparison with helical cta ebcta can demonstrate a longer segment of carotid artery with a shorter scan time .
( 2 ) to reveal the degree of carotid stenosis with mip was better than other reconstruction formats .
( 3 ) the ebcta shows the degree of the carotid stenosis quite well , and highly agreed with dsa ( 7 = 0.9935 ) .
( 4 ) the ebcta can provide some information about the morphology of carotid stenosis , such as calcific plaque and ulceration .
purpose : to study the ct characteristics of sinonasal fungal disease .
the density of opacity was inhomogeneous in 87 cases ( 84.4 % ) and homogeneous in 16 cases ( 15.6 % ) .
in all cases with partially opaque sinus the fungal disease presented as an irregular high density soft tissue mass inside the air-filled sinus with mucosal thickening .
all cases had bone thickening and sclerosis of the wall of sinus , and 91.3 % cases had calcification in the high density soft tissue lesion .
no enhancement could be seen in all cases with post-contrast ct images .
the ct findings of sinonasal fungal disease is characteristic . plain ct examination should be used as a method of first choice in the diagnosis of the disease .
the comparison study of t2wi mri and pathological findings indicated that the chsis might be caused by mucus filled glandular tissue .
the presence of chsis on t2 wi mri favours the diagnosis of adenocarcinoma .
purpose : to further appraise the ct features of active pulmonary tuberculosis ( tb ) and their clinical application .
the lesions occurred in the apical or posterior segment of upper lobe or in the superior segment of lower lobe in 28 cases .
heterogeneous , irregular , and illegille opacities were found in 20 cases .
calcification inside the lesion was found in 14 cases , and among them 9 cases had the calcification in the thickened wall of narrowed or obstructed bronchus .
eleven had multiple small cavities within area of consolidation .
bronchogenic spread was detected in 15 cases .
the main ct findings of inactive tuberculosis were fibrotic changes , pleural thickening and mediastinal nodal calcification .
ct images can improve the accuracy in diagnosis of active pulmonary tuberculosis , and is helpful in differentiating inactive one .
purpose : to study the signs of bronchiectasis on high resolution ct ( hrct ) images , evaluate the significance of hrct in the diagnosis of bronchiectasis .
after chest radiography hrct is the first choice valuable method for the diagnosis of bronchiectasis . it may reduce the need of bronchography in the diagnosis of bronchiectasis .
to investigate the value of ct and mri in the diagnosis of pituitary apoplexy by analyzing the ct , mri and clinical appearances .
materials and methods : forty six cases of pituitary apoplexy , proven surgically and pathologically , were analyzed retrospectively .
the age of 20 men and 26 women ranged from 23 to 69 years ( mean 44 years ) .
32 patients underwent ct examinations with ( n = 25 ) and without ( n = 32 ) intravenous injection contrast media .
mri were carried out for 46 cases and 32 of them had gd - enhanced t1 wi studies .
all the 46 cases of pituitary apoplexy suffered from a sudden hemorrhage or infarction of pituitary macroadenomas .
among 32 plain ct scans , 17 cases showed patchy high density shadows compatible with hemorrhage of pituitary macroadenomas .
no enhancement could be revealed in the areas of hemorrhage and necrosis on the postcontrast ct images .
mri findings of 46 cases included : 29 cases of hemorrhage in tumors with high intensity on both t1 wi and t2 wi ;
10 cases of necrosis with low intensity on t1 wi and high intensity on t2 wi ;
8 cases of hemorrhage and necrosis . no enhancement could be seen in the areas of hemorrhage and necrosis on the post - contrast mr images .
the clinical presentations were abrupt onset of one or more of the following symptoms , including severe headache ( n = 26 ) ;
ct and mri combined with clinical presentations are of great value in the diagnosis , treatment and follow up of pituitary apoplexy .
to estimate the diagnostic value of ct and mri of intracranial epidermoid cyst .
10 patients were taken pre - and post - enhancement ct scan . 9 of 10 patients were taken mri examination .
no obvious enhencement but one with slight ring enhancement can be seen ;
there was no striking brain edema or mass effect ;
signal intensity of tumor elevated on flair sequence .
the manifestation of ct and mri of epidermoid cyst is characteristic , especially mri can detect it precisely ;
flair sequence is helpful to differentiate epidermoid cyst from arachnoid cyst .
purpose : to evaluate the clinical application of mr urography ( mru ) in the diagnosis of urinary tract obstruction .
materials and methods : cerebral angiograms of 183 patients with intracranial avms were examined to find the morphological features of the lesions .
68.9 % of the lesions located superficially ;
there were 79.3 % intracranial avms with volume ranged 0 ~ 30mm3 ;
16.9 % intracrnial avms had associated with aneurysm including feeding artery aneurysm and intranidal aneurysm ;
there were 8.2 % intracranial avms with venous stenosis .
most intracranial avms located superficially ;
their volume mostly ranged 0 ~ 30mm3 ;
less intracranial avms associated with aneurysm and drainage vein stenosis ;
some intracranial avms had serious blood stolen ;
more than half of the intracranial avms were central drainage .
to analyze and discuss mri and mra manifestations of moyamoya disease .
mri and mra has become a first choice method for diagnosis of moyamoya disease .
to evaluate three dimensional spiral ct angiography ( 3d - scta ) in diagnosis of head and neck diseases .
to evaluate the technique and value of ct virtual endoscopy ( ctve ) and three - dimensional ( 3d ) reconstruction of the normal auditory ossicular chain .
to explore the correlations of mri , dna contents and s - phase fraction ( spf ) of lung cancer .
dna content was measured by an imaging analyzer ( icm - 100 ) and the spf percentage was calculated .
signal intensity ratios of lesion on unenhanced se t1 wi and spf percentage were significantly smaller in diploid lesions than those in aneuploid lesions .
the mean enhancement value in 40 patients was 50.65 19.59hu , and the peak value appeared at 1 minute after administration of contrast agent .
the mvd of adenocarcinoma was lower than that of squamous cell carcinoma ( 61.44 9.91,45.11 11.25 respetively , p < 0.05 ) .
to study the diagnosis of coronary artery fistula ( caf ) clinically and radiologically .
materials and methods : angiography of aorta or / and coronary artery were undergone in 39 cases of caf ( aged 5-64 years , mean 25.2 years ) .
fistulas of 19 cases were seen in rca , and those of the other 20 cases were seen in lca .
the orifice of fistula measured 2 ~ 22mm by operation , accompanied with 11 aneurysms .
to evaluate the value of ct in diagnosis and differential diagnosis of splenic space - occupied lesions ( ssol ) .
to evaluate the characteristic mr findings and its diagnostic value of gastric malignant tumor .
10 normal cases were for control group .
the gastric wall and its adjacent structures could be shown clearly in the control group .
mri could provide valuable information in the diagnosis of gastric neoplasm and its staging .
to recognize typical and atypical mri findings of liver abscesses and to evaluate the diagnostic significance of mri classification .
to evaluate the clinical value of ct - guided percutaneous mediastinal core biopsy with cutting needles .
the accuracy was 93.8 % , false negativity was 6.1 % .
complications , including 3 cases of pneumothorax , 5 cases of lung hemorrhage and 3 cases of mediastinal hemorrhage , are associated with the path of puncture .
the overall incidence was 34.4 % ( 11 / 32 ) , without need of special treatment .
ct - guided percutaneous medlastinal core biopsy with cutting needles provides high histological diagnostic accuracy . it is a relatively safe procedure and should be performed selectively .
to analyze the ultrasonographic findings of sympathetic and vagus neurilemomas in the neck .
the hra was revealed locally and diffusely distributed in 8 and 14 cases respectively .
the shortest distance between the hra and the tumor margin was 3 % ~ 28mm .
high signals were found inside the tumor area in 5 cases .
if the distance between the center of hra and the tumor margin is larger than 2cm , the hand movement may remain unharmed post - surgically .
same number of age and sex - matched elderly studied with same procedures was used as a control group .
mrs revealed significant decrease of naa and increase of mi in patients with ad , and no difference of cho between these two groups .
reconstructed parameter maps of relative regional cerebral blood volume ( rcbv ) and tracer mean transit time ( mtt ) were computed .
relative regional cerebral blood volume usually decreased and mtt often increased in the core of the cerebral infarction , except in the recovery stage .
purpose : mri was used to evaluate the lacunar cerebral infarction of diabetes mellitus .
mri was most trustworthy method to identify the lacunar cerebral infarction .
purpose : to analyse clinical , pathologic , ct and mri features of intracraniai hemangiopericytomas .
ct were performed in 7 patients before and after intravenous contrast medium .
mri with and without contrast medium was available for 12 patients .
all patients were extraaxial tumors .
of 7 unenhanced ct scans , 5 hemangiopericytomas appeared as heterogeneously hyperdense tumors with focal areas of isodense .
bone erosion was present in 4 of 7 hemangiopericytomas imaged with ct . none had hyperostosis or tumor calcifications .
on ti - weighted mr images , 10 of 12 tumors were hyper-isosignal intensity with cortical gray matter ;
the other 2 had isointeuse with cortical gray matter ;
on t2-weighted images , 10 of 12 were heterogeneously iso- hyper signal intensity .
purpose : to evaluate the imaging examination and diagnostic value of primary hyperparathyroidism ( ph ) .
among 53 cases of ph proved by surgicopathology , ct scan was performed in 35 ;
b mode ultrasound , in 46 ;
twenty - seven cases performed by ct and 38 cases examined by b ultrasound were totally found before operation .
81.48 % ( 22 of 27 adenomas ) lay in lower pole of throid glands and 18.52 % ( 5 of 27 ) lay in upper pole .
the ct acquisition of lesions was significantly increased after contrast - enhanced scans .
materials and methods : ct findings of 55cases with och were retrospectively analyzed .
the relation between the och and the eyeball was revealed clearly on axial images , but not on coronal images ;
contrarily , the relation between the och and the optical nerve or extraocular muscles was showed well on coronal images , but not on the axial images .
thirty - eight tumors were found behind the eyeball , and 20 of them were closed to the posterior wall of eyeball .
spotty or lumpy high - density areas within the tumors were found in 6 of them , in which 2 had calcifications or phlebolithes .
purpose : for improvement of diagnostic accuracy , hrct and pathological characteristics of peripheral pulmonary hamartoma ( pph ) were evaluated .
fourteen and 11 of 25 lesions were located in right and left lung respectively .
twenty-four pphs ( 96 % ) were found just under the pleura , and the average distance between the pleura and pph was 0.64cm .
another one ( 4 % ) was located 4.4cm away from the pleura .
a vessel entering into the mass was seen in 7cases ( 28 % ) . fat was shown in 4 cases ( 16 % ) .
certain specific ct features of pph , including clear - cut margin , calcification and fat inside etc , are very useful for correct diagnosis of pph .
purpose : to study the effect of negative gastrointestinal contrast media on magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography ( mrcp ) .
when longer tes were used , the signal intensity of both contrast media was lower than which with shorter tes .
ferrous solution is better than barium suspension , especially in single - shot mrcp sequence .
purpose : to evaluate the role and the limit of four mri sequences for detection of pancreaticobiliary tract diseases .
materials and methods : breath- hold haste , true fisp , turbo se mrcp and haste mrcp sequences were performed in 52 patients with suspected pancreaticobiliary disease .
imaging findings on these sequences were compared with direct endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography , surgical and / or pathologic findings ( 42 patients ) .
images of diagnostic quality were obtained in all cases .
all sequences showed 100 % sensitivities in recognizing the dilated pancreaticobiliary tract .
purpose : to evaluate the diagnostic value of mr chlangiopancreatography in diagnosis of pancreaticobilitary duct diseases .
in this date , sixty - eight cases were verified with operation and histology , and the rest fourteen cases with ct or ultrasound .
mrcp were satisfactorily performed in all cases .
the malignant or benign diseases of pancreaticobiliary duct may be shown characteristic appearances in mrcp .
purpose : to evaluate the significance of mr cholangiopanc reatography ( mrcp ) in the diagnosis of bile stones .
the findings of mrcp compared with surgical findings or clinical diagnosis .
mrcp images of diagnostic quality were obtained in all cases .
four types of mrcp manifestations were presented : round or ovoid signal void sign ( filling defect sign ) ;
reverse curpping sign ;
target sign and cast sign .
cr is useful in the dignosis of chest wall bone diseases .
purpose : to study the correlation between clinical features and imaging classification of spinal vascular malformations ( vms ) .
purpose : to evaluate the diagnostic values of 99m tc - mibi imaging in localizing of hyperparathyroidism .
purpose : to observe the ability of demonstration of epilepsy caused brain injury with mri in epileptogenic rats .
the duration of gtcs and the degree of brain injury in pathological study correlated fairly .
the neuronal loss , gliosis and edema of brain in small animals such as rat cannot be demonstrated with conventional mri sequences in acute epileptic animal models .
purpose : to explore the pathological basis of ultrasonographic presentations in cholecystoduodenal fistula .
materials and methods : preoperative ultrasonographic characteristics of 7 cases with cholecystoduodenal fistula proved by operation were retrospectively analysed and compared with pathological findings .
ultrasonographic manifestations of cholecystoduodenal fistula were gas inside the bile duct and gallladder ;
indistinction of the wall of gallbudder , gallstone disappeared and small intestinal obstruction .
characteristic ultrasonographic presentations are helpful for the diagnosis of cholecystoduodenal fistula .
purpose : according to the marketing of the contrast media with iodine in recent years , the safety issue of contrast media is commented .
according to these data , the relevant problems of prevention and treatment of the adverse effects of contrast media were discussed .
the quantity of the application of contrast media was increased in recently years .
counting as grams of iodine of contrast media , 923520.5 grams were used in 1994 , and the number was increased to 2487265.1 gram in 1998 in shanghai .
the proportion of using non - ionic contrast media was increased more than that of ionic ones .
the reasonmight be related to a consideration that the non- ionic contrast media were safer .
purpose : to introduce the experience of a department of a district hospital in utilization of pacs ( picture archiving and communication system ) .
to analyse the ct dynamic enhancement patterns of various types of solitary pulmonary nodules ( spn ) and investigate the value in the diagnosis of spn .
most squamous cell carcinomas showed inhomogeneous or peripheral enhancement with different thickness and irregular inner margin of the enhanced areas .
most tuberculomas showed no enhancement or a very thin peripheral enhancement with a regular inner edge of the enhanced areas .
most other inflammatory nodules showed inhomogeneous enhancement . for peripheral enhancement , the r of lung carcinomas was less than that of tuberculomas ( p < 0.05 ) .
the enhancement patterns reflect the pathological structure of spn and is helpful in the diagnosis of spn .
ring enhancement with a regular inner edge is a specific feature of tuberculoma .
to assess the diagnostic value of ct and mri in the diagnosis of thyroid carcinoma .
materials and methods : fifty cases of thyroid carcinoma were proved by pathology .
among 50 cases , 16 cases had both ct and mri examination , and 22 and 12 cases only had ct or mri studies respecticely .
ct scan is superior to mri in detecting calcification . mri is superior to ct in detecting cystic degeneration , bleeding and cervical lymph nodes metastasis .
the capability of detection of adjacent structure infiltration of ct and mri were similar .
to introduce the experience of coronary artery digital cine angiography ( cadca ) .
cadca is of high quality and high diagnostic value for demomtration of coronary artery and its branches . it is also good for interventional procedurcs .
materials and methods : 22 patients underwent dual-phase hepatic 3d ce mra . mra images of hepatic arterial system and portal vein were obtained .
the mri manifestations and diagnostic value in long tubular bone metastasis were evaluated .
their mri findings were analysed and compared with x-ray and pathological findings retrospectively .
most of lesions ( 17 / 23 ) were located in proximal metaphysis .
to evaluate the effect of semiconductive laser hyperthermia to treat the liver malignancy .
the extent of laser induced necrosis in 6 patients was assessed by cy 14 days after the treatment .
right after the laser ablation , instead of the original low echogenic tumor area , a high echogenic area representing the gas bubbles , was showed by sonography .
fourteen days after the treatment , the size of all lesions was decreased to a greater or less degree .
laser ablation can be effectively and alternatively used to treat the primary and secondary hepatic cancers in some patients who can not be treated with surgery or radiation
to study the value of 99mtc-noet redistribution imaging in evaluating myocardial viability .
it seemed that it was an easy way to use for evaluating myocardial viability .
a minimally invasive microsurgical treatment is crucial for increasing total removal rate of tumor , and the preservative rate of facial nerve and auditory nerve .
the factors associated with the unusual clinical pattern possible are : ( 1 ) a difference existed in immune responsiveness to bowel inflammation among different indiviaduals ;
( 2 ) different segments involved ;
( 3 ) with or without local and systemic complications ;
( 4 ) the age of onset of the disease , and etc.
these data indicate that the ict-tb test card is valuable in clinical diagnosis of tubercalosis and its differential diagnosis .
this method is also useful in observing the efficacy of chemotherapy in treatment of tuberculosis .
the contents of ln and iv-c in cancer group were elevated by 44.4 % and 55.0 % respectively , significantly higher than those in control group .
furthermore , they were higher in cases with positive lymph node metastasis , as compared with that of negative cases .
therefore , the anticancer regular pattern of the two drugs should further be explored , in order to make a more effective combinative chemotherapy scheme .
( 5 ) the iop value in the group c was markedly increased than those of the group b ( p < 0.05 ) .
the results showed that the std infection rate was increasing . the family was the main infection source .
we called for the popularization of venereological knowledge to reduce std infection rate of children .
we should also offer a healthy growth environment to young girls in order to protect from lifelong psychosomatic injure .
49 cases ( 79.03 % ) were positive of p53 protein , and 34 cases of them were squamous-cell carcinoma , 15 cases of them were adenocarcinoma .
statistically significant difference existed after comparing ( p < 0.01 ) .
among 58 samples of early gravida , the hcmv positive retes of nested pcr and virus isolation were 8.6 % and 6.9 % ; respectively .
we believe that the nested pcr combined with restriction endonuclease digestion could be useful for rapid detection of the hcmc in clinical samples test .
there are tt virus infection and asymptomatic status in the heroin addicts , the infection of independent of other hepatitis virus could exist alone .
tt virus is probably a new self-limited dna virus and the biochemical or the histological evidence of significant liver damage were not seen .
tt virus may not be transmitted mainly by infection of vein in heroin addicts .
( 3 ) the s cl-90 questionnaire showed that the classified psychological intervention had better therapeutic effect .
the findings suggest that the pilots had a better consistency in their individual psychology .
the results of follow-up for middle phase ( one month ~ three years ) showed that 94 % of patients reached fine therapeutic effect .
the optical imaging principles of medical fiberscoptic endoscopes and their design featuies are described with gis-105 fibreoptic endoscope as an example in this paper ,
finally , it introduces the progress of the medical diagnosis expert system and its application in the breath diagnosis based on the electronic nose .
this paper introduces to you some methods to radlige the digital radiogzaphy , and there respectiae princiales and featuus .
in cs induced first week , the gasp appeared in 4 of cs1 , but only one reached positive indication ( sign3 % , rl100 ) .
according to frankle stage , patients in each stage upgraded more or less .
it is important to be familiar with the advantage and disadvantage of each internal fixation device .
correlation of i value 's dynamic change with efficacy was observed , the results showed that average i value was 8.69 .
the i value scoring rose entirely with the efficacy . i values of all 5 death cases ( 5.21 % ) 2 , after 72 hours .
the results showed that the mortality was 8.8 % in perioperation . the complications were 29.7 % .
in 10 cases of radical operation , survival time was longer than 5 years .
the cases of palliative operation died within 3 vears . survival time of all cases of exploration shorter than one year .
it suggests that the operative therapy of vpc for senile patients needs sufficient preparation before operation .
the mortality of perioperation is associated with self-tolerance and concomitant diseases . the radical operations are more effective than palliative ones .
all patients were treated with embolization , thrombolysis or transjugular intrahepatic portal-systemic stent shunt ( tipss ) .
thrombi in femoral or tibial arteries were also dissolved .
the portal pressure dropped from 3.7 ~ 41kpa to 2.4 ~ 2.7 kpa following tipss . bleeding from upper digestive tract stopped .
anterior cerebral artery ( aca ) , middle cerebral ( mca ) had more difference with posterior cerebral artery ( pca ) and basilar artery ( ba ) .
it suggests that the hbo could improve the consciousness , beam and eeg of sci patients as a result of remission of the cerebral vascular spasm in mca &
aca and the cerebral vascular resistence in pca & ba . this is one of the important mechanisms of hbo therapy to improve prognosis for sci patients .
comparison among groups showed the activity of cuzn-sod in the hyperinsulinemia groupthe nomal insulin level groupthe lada group .
mn-sod in two groups of type 2 diabetes and lada obviously higher than control group .
the comparison among groups showed no difference .
the linear regression analysis showed that cuzn-sod was positively correlated with fins , but negatively correlated with mn-sod .
these data suggest that the reduction of sod activity could lead to type 2 diabetes and lada . they also could predict the failure of pancreatic cell .
the rhgm-csf can augment apoptosis of aml cells induced by ara-c .
the expression levels of the il-5 , gm-csf mrna were detected by using in situ hybridization method .
the treated group were 17.46 7.32 and 18.92 6.38 respectively ; control group were 13.82 5.43 and 18.27 7.45 respectively .
the expression of p65 was analyzed by immunohistochmical method five hours after injecting lps .
from the results , left hemicolectomy colocolostomy was feasible in those with permitted situation , enough blood supply of colon without obvious colonic swelling and inflammation .
the fistula of the anastomotic stoma was avoidable when the ways of preoperative preparation , intraoperative and postoperative treatments were emphasized .
a model of human hepatic cancer cells line hep g2 was used to study the influence of ifn-r on the epo production , then compared with control group .
the results indicated that the sera ifn-r level of the ra patients with ac d complication was dramatically elevated , and showed negative correlation with hemoglobin concentration .
this paper discusses the reasonable factors of parameters in csen design and has also raised some useful reasonable parameters concerned ,
there in this paper is an introduetion of the radiotherapy characteristics and its equipments
this paper presents to you the principles , composition and features of the multifunctional molecular electrophoretograms processing system ,
this paper presents the development of virtual heart studies and its applications ,
reconstruction of tomosynthesis is indeed the reconstruction of algebraic reconstruction techniques which under limited angle .
we may regard all directive projection information as constitution of two limited angle projection information .
finally we reconstruct sectional image by using conception of " row " in tomosynthesis .
and computer simulation has proved our conclusion to be correct .
experimental results show that it is a stable and efficient method for extracting features .
a system for acquisiting event-related-potential signalsis presented , making use of random-sequences visial symbols .
atmel at89c51 controls max 186 serial conversion and interface max202 to serially send data to host computer for poct processing .
applications show that this is an advanced and efficient radioactive medical diagnostic instrument .
the system could be used to detect the activation path of atrial fibrillation and ventricular fibrillation .
and it may be expected to be an ideal instrument for oral biomechanical measurements .
the fundamentals of cellular electrophysiology and its basic method are described here .
the simplyfied structure of the cell , the chemical constitutes of the membrane , and the mechanism of the bioelectric signal generation are included .
this paper studies the helical ct low-contrast resolution and its influencing factors by experimental analysis .
the reconstruction algorithm of high resolution results lower low-contrast resolution .
mostly helical image low-contrast resolution is slightly lower than axial image .
it 's very important for us to understand ct low-contrast resolution and its influencing factors for the correct evaluation of the performance of ct scanner .
this automatic dialyser reuse operation devices is able to replace the manual operation completely and enhances the reuse operation performance .
this paper describes the harms of the static electricity to medical devices & equipments and its protection .
this thesis introduces the measuring principle , device composition and main functions of an intelligent acoustic impedance middle ear analyzer .
as well the results of clinical trial are analyzed in this paper .
as an objective diagnostic method , aural acoustic impedance measuring device holds a very important position in diagnosing ear diseases and hearing obstacles .
the main technical index and advantages of the device have been also discussed in the paper .
the most men subjects maintain a little sway well within timits during the trials .
a novel method for the identification of ventricular wave based on wavelet transform is presented .
the results of practice show that it has a discrimination of 94.5 % , and is obviously superior to any routime method .
in this paper , it has been proved that this method is feasible by using it to pick up actual effective action signal .
this describes new achievements and progresses in artificial liver studies .
we found a sparkle noise in the radio-frequency excitation signal of lmw-400 mri system manufactured by guangdong weida medical apparatus ( group ) corporation .
this sparkle noise appeared just following the rf pulse and had a maximum level of about 40 % of maximum rf pulse level .
furthermore , since this sparkle noise existed during the read-out gradient period , it must be eliminated in order to reduce image artifacts .
tests on the modulation board showed that this noise was inherent due to abrupt rising edges of two control signals .
simple integrating circuits had been applied to those two signals and the sparkle noise could be eliminated successfully by the modification .
the article shows the author 's exploratory opinion about the processing method of infrared thermography for the diagnosis of diabetes .
the spatula of the dilator may be prepared according to the different depth and width of the operation field .
( 1 ) 12 / 48 patients with glomerulonephritis were anca positive .
( 2 ) the clinical characteristics of anca positive patients differed .
( 3 ) there were crescent , vessel disease and interstitial inflammation in the glomeruli of anca positive petients .
( 4 ) serum tnf of anca positive were higher than normal . the depositions of vcam-1 in different parts of glomerulus were found .
in fact , some glomerulonephritises were kinds of vasculitises . there are characteristics in common between them either in pathological varieties or in mechanism .
specimen from 56 cases of pgc were studied , nm 23 and proliferating cell nuclear antigen ( pcna ) was detected by the immunohistochemical staining s-p method .
the survival time was significantly longer in patients with nm 23 positive expression than in patients with nm 23 negative expression ( p < 0.05 ) .
the expression of pcna in nm 23 negative cases was obviously higher than the in nm 23 positive cases ( p < 0.01 ) .
the p53 protein and fas-ligand expression in the samples were investigated immunohistochemically by s-p methoed .
these results provide biochemical evidence that decidual regression occurs by apoptosis , fas-ligand has been associated with decidual apoptosis .
the cyclin dependent kinase inhibitor ( cdki ) p27kip1 were detected by s-p immunohistochemic method in 40 cases of paraffin-embedded sections of giant cell tumor of bone .
to investigate the presence of transfusion transmitted virus ( ttv ) infection among patients with fulminant hepatitis .
to explore the histopothological characteristics of local invasiveness of transglottic cancer and its clinical significance .
fifty total laryngectomy specimens of transglottic carcinoma were subject to whole-organ serial section , he staining , and microscopic observation .
the main lesion of all cases was in the ventricle or the ventricle was the center of the lesion .
deep submucosal invasion was the major way of spreading in transglottic carcinoma , its rate was 90 % ( 45 / 50 ) .
transglottic carcinoma invaded paraglottic space early and spreaded through the space in a way that equally involved the supraglottic and glottic regions .
this paper was to explore the dynamics of hev-rna in the sera of patients with hepatitis e and its significance .
after two weeks of the onset the positive rates of both anti-hev igm and anti-hev igg were higher than that of hev-rna ( p < 0.01 ) .
hev-rna lasted for two weeks after onset of illness for most patients and more than three weeks for a few patients .
within the first week of illness course , detecting hev-rna in the sera was most sensitive for early diagnosis .
after the second week of the course , detecting anti-hev was more sensitive for diagnosis than detecting hev-rna .
our aim was to investigate the viruses interaction in hbv and hcv superinfection and its clinic feature .
sera viral markers of 30 patients with hbv and hcv supeninfection were tested using elisa method .
hbv dna and hcv rna were detected using pcr method .
the quantity of tbil and the ratio of ast / alt were higher in superinfection than those in single infection , specially in the anti-hbe positive group .
interference existed between hbv and hcv . liver demage was more serious in superinfection than that in single infection .
positive anti-hbe in superinfection did not mean the recovery from the disease .
the positive expression of mrp in group with lymphatic metastasis was significantly higher than that in group without lymphatic metastasis ( p < 0.01 ) .
there was no difference between the five-year survival rate of positive expression of each antibody and that of negative expression of each antibody .
the expression of mrp could show the invasive character of gastric cancer .
both of the expressions could not reflect prognosis of gastric cancer well .
we want to contrast 4 sequences of magnetic resonance portalgraphy and 3 signal receive coils .
twenty cases were examined on age signa .
10 healthy cases underwent 3 signal receive coils : general purpose ( gp ) flex coil , quad t/l spine coil , and body coil .
all images were subsequently post processed by 3 dimensional maximum intensity projection ( mip ) .
the mip images were compared quantitatively and qualitatively .
the s/n , c/n of grass and spgr sequences were higher than corresponding fat saturation sequences ( grass + fatsat , spgr + fatsat ) .
the body coil created better images than surface coils .
there are no significant differences between grass and spgr sequences . fat saturation cannot make mrp better .
body coil may be the first choice of mrp .
the successful rate of allografts operation was 0 % in pigs and 81.3 % in rabbits .
this paper was designed to study the action of nitric oxide ( no ) in experimental chemical hepatic fibrosis .
the production of no in chemical hepatic fibrosis can protect liver from damage .
angiography showed that abdominal aortic aneurysm disappeared and no endoleak occurred during operation .
postoperative spiral ct showed that there were no graft migration and no endoleak .
endovascular repair of abdominal aortic aneurysm was little invasive .
the super renal graft had advantage of fix well , prevention of migration and endoleak .
eighty-six patients with gismt were studied by microwave antigen retrieval in formalin-fixed tissues and by the immunohistochemical staining s-p method for ki-67 .
the average -sm / act-psa rate of pca group was 0.705 and that of bph group was 1.405 ( p < 0.001 ) .
if the dignosis standard of pca were psa >
10 ng / ml , the sensitivity would be 78.9 % and the speciality would be 73.7 % .
we could conclude that afgf receptor possessed tpk activity . genistein could more efficiently inhibit the cell proliferation induced by afgf .
our purpose was to study the effect of erythromycin on doxophylline ( dox ) pharmacokinetics .
the expression of st-4-39 antigen is relevant to histologic patterns of lung carcinoma .
high expression of st-4-39 antigen seems to correlate positively with histologic differentiation of lung carcinoma .
the antigen may play an important role in assessing the differentiation of lung carcinoma .
sp immunohistochemical method was used to examine expressions of topoii in 97 samples of primary nsclc .
the positive rate of topoii was correlated to histological type ( p < 0.05 ) .
we found topoii affected prognosis of patients .
susceptibility allele of igg hypergammaglobulinemia in ( nzb nzw ) f1 mice was fcgr2b gene derived nzb strain .
nzb mice may have deletion in promotor region of fcgr2b gene .
our aim was to establish the method for measuring the [ ca2 + ] i and phi in single cell simultaneously .
the fluorescent indicator indo-1 and snarf-1 can be used for monitoring [ ca2 + ] i and phi simultaneously in rat ventricular myocytes .
there was a significant correlation between the fraction and lymph node involvement , distal organ metastasis , and patient survival time ( p < 0.05 ) .
ki-67 , as a marker of proliferative activity , correlates with the metastasis and prognosis of colorectal cancer .
the major factors affecting prognosis were hepatic metastasis , peritoneal metastases , type of operation , conclusive therapy , portal vein invasion , and surgical complication .
the purpose was to measure foot pressures in rheumatoid arthritic patients during gait and to evaluate the biomechanical effects of the foot orthoses for rheumatoid arthritic patients .
twelve women with rheumatoid arthritis , who had foot pain during gait , were examined . eight healthy women were matched for age and body weight .
foot pressures during gait were measured using the f-scan program . the kistler force plate was employed for the accuracy .
the peak pressure distribution and loading force were measured , and the effects of the foot orthoses were evaluated .
this type of orthoses may play an important role in treating rheumatoid foot disease .
( 2 ) part of ileum was transplanted to the bladder ( ileum transplanted group ) ; ( 3 ) control group : without any operation .
low dose of bbn was given to 9 rats including 5 of ileum transplanted group and 4 of control group .
high dose of bbn was given to 17 rats including 5 of jejunum transplanted group , 6 of ileum transplanted group , and 6 of control group .
except for one rat with transplanted jejunum , no tumor was found in the small intestines which were transplanted to the bladders of rats .
our purpose was to evaluate the effects of l-arginine on energy metabolism and coronary vessel function of ischemic and reperfused rabbit myocardium .
myocardial adenosine triphosphate ( atp ) and phosphocreatine ( crp ) were measured with 31p magnetic resonance .
coronary flow rate was evaluated also .
cardioplegic solution supplemented with l-arginine can provide better preservation on myocardial energy storage during ischemia and protect the coronary function after reperfusion .
the egf was performed on 20 corneals ' epithelial culture , the other 20 were controls .
egf can promote the proliferation of corneal epithelium .
to verify interferon- 's inducing effect on the expression of large external antigen ( lea ) tumor related gene .
to establish a rabbit model of anterolateral interbody fusion of lumbal spine and to investigate the effect of excess extension on interbody spinal fusion .
the process of fusion was determined through biomechanical , histologic and radiographic characteristics .
the fusion of anterolateral interbody of rabbit lumbal spine complete in 4 weeks after operation .
excess extension in all stages inhabit interbody spinal fusion in rabbits and especially in 2 weeks after operation .
to observe the effect of x-irradiation on cultured spinal cord neurons .
x-irradiation of 4 gy dose were given to e18 spinal cord cell on the 2 nd day of culture .
to identify chronologic changes in the histomorphometry and structure of the chronically denervated posterior cricoarytenoid ( pca ) muscle .
in seven of nine adult mongrel dogs , a 2 cm segment of the right recurrent laryngeal nerve was excised .
the findings indicate that diameter and the enzyme activity of pca muscles were larger than those of normal group significantly .
the purpose of this paper was to investigate the expression of p16 in breast cancer and its significance .
by using s-p immunohistochemical staining technique , we studied 30 cases of breast benign diseases and 50 cases of primary breast cancers .
all benign specimens showed high level of p16 with strong staining , only 50 % showed weak positive staining of p16 in breast cancer .
abnormal expression of p16 were correlated with several histological parameters , such as histological grading , tnm staging lymphnode meta- stasis and clinical prognosis .
mts1 gene abnormalities may play a significant role in breast cancer progression . p16 might be a new marker of breast cancer .
our purpose was to explore the effects of agents divided from sho-shiko-to on anti-coxsackie virus infection , prevention , and cure of viral myocarditis in vivo and vitro .
so it would have a better future to cure and prevent myocarditis in human body .
qtd in 24 patients with ptca was analysed by 12-leads ecg records simultaneously .
plasma igf-1 and igfbp-3 levels were measured by elisa in 76 patients with type 2 diabetis .
igf-1 and igfbp-3 levels decrease in type 2 diabetic patients .
igf-1 and igfbp-3 may play a role in the development of diabetic micropathy .
to investigate the effect of selective laser trabeculoplasty in lowing the intraocular pressure ( iop ) in patients with open angle glaucoma .
the trabecular meshwork of each eye was treated 180 or 360 with a frenquency doubled q-switched nd : yag laser .
intraocular pressure was measured 1 , 2 hours , 1 day and 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 8 weeks after treatment .
the concentration of [ ca2 + ] i in cor pulmonale group is higher than that of normal group significantly .
the experiment was designed to study the contents of malondialhehyde ( mda ) in host livers of sarcoma180-bearing mice after hypoxyradiotherapy .
hypoxyradiotherapy can decrease mda contents in host livers and preserve normal tissues .
peucedanum praeruptorum dunn shoved a marked cardioprotective effect in ami-cats .
( 2 ) the imcreased expression of cd54 began on the 3rd day ( p < 0.01 ) and maintained at high level .
to investigate the origin , run and distribution of preganglionic nerve fibers of celiac-superior mesenteric ganglion in the rat .
to verify the role of protein-kinase c ( pkc ) in the development of vasospasm caused by subarachnoid hemorrhage ( sah ) in dogs .
pkc activity was constantly activated under the condition of sah .
pkc as a calcium-sensitive phospholipid-dependent protein kinase might play a key role in the development of vasospasm after sah .
s-p immunohistochemical method was used to examine expressions of gst- in 94 samples of primary nsclc .
the positive rate of gst- was 83.64 % in squamous cell carcinoma and 53.85 % in adenocarcinoma .
gst- had high expression in high and middle degrees of the tumor cells of squamous cell carcinoma and adenocarcinoma , and also affected prognosis of patients .
the thickness of the intima was measured by image analysis .
c-myc antisense rna could significantly inhibit the proliferation of vsmc and attenuate the formation of atherosclerotic plague .
our aim was to explore the relationship between the ultrastructure of endoplasmic reticulum ( er ) in colorectal carcinoma cells and the differentiation degree of the cancer cells .
poorly differentiated cell line ccl227 had relatively less er . under sem , the amount and distribution of er were similar to those under tem .
a concentrations between 10-5mol / land 10-8mol / l , ra-treated 229 cells were induced to apoptosis in a dose-and time-dependent manner .
an karyotype analysis of hep-2 was performed with routine and high-resolution g-banding technique .
the chromosomal number of the hep-2 ranged from 54 to 84 , and the chromosomal model ranged from 69 to 74 .
there were aberration of number and structure of the chromosomes as well as marker chromosomes and gene amplification in hep-2 in which belonged to supertrisomy .
the structure aberration of chromosomes included the translocation , deletion , and isochromosome .
ngf and svate-3 have effects on the recovery of parastriate area neurons in mci rats .
the results might provide the theoretical basis for further research and treatment of mci in clinic .
on 55th day of the experiment , mda of liver in groupiiwas still higher than in control ( p < 0.05 ) .
sod did not change during all course of the experiment .
high dose of qing can decrease blood lipid and mda in liver .
no effect was found in small or high dose group on sod of red blood cell and liver in the experiment .
this paper was to study the distribution of inducible nitric oxide synthase ( inos ) in cochlea of normal guinea pigs .
inos was expressed under physiological conditions in cochlea of guinea pigs . this result suggested that inos may be involved in physiological functions in cochlea .
[ ca2 + ] i of lead-treated groups was elevated significantly compared with control group ;
different concentration lead exposure can significantly increase [ ca2 + ] i and damage the inducement of ltp in rat hippocampus after hfs ;
the decrease of ltp incidence leaded by lead related to the elevation of hippocampal intraneuronal [ ca2 + ] i.
our purpose was to study the relationship between the excitability of facial muscular motor point and the secondary synaptic space of motor terminal plate in facial paralysis .
models of facial paralysis were made and the specimens of musculus orbicularis oris made by hydrochloride digestive method were observed via scanning electron microscope .
the degree of denervation of motor point suggests the degree of affection of secondary synaptic space and the degree of facial nerve injury .
the t-pa activity of medium were measured with the ealas method .
low concentration of fg ( 0.5 g/l ) had no significant effect on t-pa activity .
however , high cencentration of fg had no significant effect on t-pa activity at day 12 and 14 .
high concentration fg may be an important factor in migration and hyperplasia of vsmc .
this test was designed to study the effects of verapamil on p-glycoprotein ( pgp ) mediated multidrug resistance ( mdr ) in human leukemia k562 cells .
dnr induced overexpression of pgp in k562 / d cells ;
our purpose was to detect the nature and the histogenesis of the papillomatoid inflammatory pseudotumor of the lung .
twenty-one cases ( 91.3 % ) were positive for nse ;
electron microscopic examination found the neuroendocrine granules in the cytoplasm of tumor cell .
our purpose was to study the mechanism of vanadate in treating diabetes .
the serum concentration of t3 , thyroxin ( t4 ) , reverse t3 ( rt3 ) , and thyroid-stimulating hormone ( tsh ) were measured with radioimmunoassay .
this indicates that warm beating heart surgery is less traumatic to body function .
the levels of oxldl in pure eh and eh-c were significantly higher , but no and sod activity were significantly lower than those of controls .
the changes of oxldl , no and sod were more obvious in eh-c than in p-eh .
the finding of our method was same with those of pcr-ssp . conclusion : the method is highly specific and sensitive .
our aim was to observe effect of x-irradiation on the neurite growth of culture spinal cord neuron .
x irradiation 4 gy was given to e18 spinal cord cell on the 2nd day of the culture .
x-irradiation can promote neurite development of the culture neurons after the first week of culture .
both heparinization and cpb induced activation of partial platelets and decrease of platelet gpib ( p < 0.05 ) .
the percentage of decrease in platelet gpib correlated well with the magnitude of activation ( p < 0.05 ) .
the size of platelets showed no changes during cpb ( p > 0.05 ) .
our purpose was to proofread alanine aminotransferase ( alt ) activity factor ( k factor ) by hexokinase .
the k factor tested in alt item , which is 1883 , is 7.85 percent higher than theoretical value 1746 .
the tested k factor is more accurate than the calculated k facor .
our purpose was to study the expression of p16 protein and ndpk / nm23 in ovarian epithelial tumor .
the present of p16 protein was not related to histological types of tumor .
among ovarian carcinoma , the expression of p16 protein and ndpk / nm23 was not related to differentiation of the tumor .
our purpose was to establish a mouse model simulating human trichomonas vaginitis .
lactobacillus inoculation did not evidently change the mouse vaginal flora .
we may establish a t.vaginitis mouse model by inoculating lactobacillus in vagina of estrus mouse .
we studied the effect of krn in different concentration on the flow of coronary artery and the pressure of left ventricle with the langendorff apparatus .
the study was to investigate the effects of pretreatment with flunarizine ( flu ) on calcium of liver cells associated with hepatic ischemia and reperfusion .
thirty-nine rats were randomized into 3 groups ( 13 in each group ) . group a was control .
our aim was to investigate the time course of remodeling of experimental autogenous vein grafts .
after autogenous vein grafting , the obvious neointima was seen at 2 nd week , and reached peak at 8th week .
the proliferation of vsmcs , which was shown by pcna expression , reached peak at the 1st week .
the number of s stage cells and their proliferation index of hp positive mucosa were markedly higher than those of hp negative mucosa .
the positive rate of brdu was ( 17.6 + 8.3 ) % while that of pcna was ( 31.7 + 7.2 ) % .
the proliferation of cells infected by hp increases . the way of hp stimulating cellular growth is by stimulating cellular proliferation .
the amino acid sequences of peptides that reacted to ppul44 mab ch13 showed highly homology .
the homologous amino acid sequence negeafgpdvsg was similar to that located at the position from 321 to 332 amino acid of hcmv ppul44 .
sequence fqilvcvesvlr had 4 adjacent amino acids consensus with those of hcmv ppul44 from amino acid 181 to 184 .
the random peptide display library showed widely potential application in amino acid sequence analysis of protein that react to a known protein .
our aim was to investigate the relationship between hyperglycemia and glucose toxicity contributing to impaired insulin secretion in type 2 diabetes .
fourteen patients with type 2 diabetes were divided into 3 groups received diet and exercise therapy , or oral hypoglycemic agents ( oha ) , or insulin .
the level of glycemia insulin reached the peak when the glucose level was 7.8 mmol/l .
then the level of glycemia insulin decreased as the glucose level remained at 10 mmol/l .
the relationship between the insulin secretion and elevated fasting glucose showed an inverted-u-shaped curve .
insulin secretion significantly increased only with effective glycemia control , no matter which kind of treatment was conducted .
glucose toxicity was the key point to induce and accelerate the dysfunction of pancreatic cells in type 2 diabetes mellitus .
the effective glycemic control was the only method to break the vicious circle .
our purpose was to study the significance of plasma thrombomodulin ( tm ) in diabetes .
plasma tm was determined in 52 patients with type 2 diabetes by an enzyme linked immunosorbent assay .
group 2 , diabetes with one of atherosclerotic obliterans disease ;
group 3 , diabetes with two or more atherosclerotic obliterans disease .
our purpose was to investigate the polymorphism distribution of ( ca ) n of intron 49 located in dystrophin gene of healthy han nationality in northeast china .
we detected 12 allele fragments at the polymorphism of ( ca ) n of intron 49 .
the providing polymorphism information contents is 87.2 % .
the heterozygosity frequency is 76.19 % ( 32 / 42 ) .
the polymorphism of ( ca ) n located in intron 49 is a very important marker in prenatal diagnosis .
we wanted to use the improved mrna differential display , to clone the differentiation-related genes of human colorectal carcinome cells induced by sodium butyrate .
the method of improved mrna differential display is less labor-consuming , shorter experimental period , and of high repeatabilith and low cost .
this study was to explore the distribution of micro-vessels in nasopharyngeal carcinoma and its correlation with nasopharyngeal carcinoma 's clinical pathological characteristic properties .
immuno-histochemical method ( s-p ) was used to detect the expression of thrombomodulin , which exists in the endothelial cells .
the more angiogenic vessels , the higher proliferation index .
the proliferation of cancer cells related to angiogenesis in nasopharyngeal carcinoma .
pure snake venom enzyme cream was unstable under high humidity , strong light and high temperature .
the concentrations of zn , fe , mg and cu in pure snake venom enzyme cream were 0.259 , 0.326 , 0.372 and 0.025 g/ml , respectively .
the pure snake venom enzyme cream should be prepared with mixed methods to make the product with the greatest stability .
the presence of microelements can enhance the medical effect of the cream .
our aim was to study the anti-asthmatic effect of scoparone on the drug-induced asthma .
our purpose was to investigate the effects of scoparone ( sco ) on isolated guinea-pig tracheal smooth muscle ( tsm ) .
scoparone relaxed the isolated guinea-pig tsm in a dose-dependent manner . the value of pd2 was 5.22 0.13 .
scoparone ( 5 mol / l , 10 mol / l ) had no effect on the dose-response curves of ach .
propranolol ( 0.1 mol / l , 1 mol / l ) had no effect on the dose-response curves of sco .
we studied the changes of pressure in the anal canal for the postoperative children with congenital imperforate anus in order to evaluate its influence on defecation .
homozygous deletion of the smn exon 7 was identified in 93 % ( 14 / 15 ) of chilren with sma .
homozygous deletion of the naip exon 5 was identified in 28.6 % ( 2/7 ) patients with tpye i sma .
no deletion of smn or naip was found in adult with sma .
this study provides evidence for the non-allelic origin of sma .
we established experiment model of subacute fulminant hepatic failure ( fhf ) and used immunohistochemical staining technique .
our aim was to determine the relationship between the fibroblast growth factor ( fgf ) receptor count and the different stage of hemangioma .
the number of fgfr in proliferative stage was the highest in these three kinds of tissue .
the number of fgf receptor of single cell in involutional stage was higher than that in proliferative stage .
the activity of fgf in proliferative stage in higher than that in involutional stage .
fgf play an important role in the proliferative and involutional procession of hemangioma .
their expression in normal control were 39.4 % , 14.1 % , and 46.9 % .
the frequency of the ace d allele was higher in the eh group ( 0.565 ) than that in normal control group ( 0.374 ) .
the frequency of the ace allele was higher in the female eh patients ( 0.625 ) than that in the healthy women ( 0.321 ) .
sixty-seven patients were available during the follow-up and the time of follow-up was 3 to 7 years .
the post-operative good results of the 2 methods were 82.09 % and 89.09 % . four patients underwent re-operation ( 5.95 % ) .
stratum analysis by duration of disease and age revealed that there was no significant difference among different stratums .
high percentage of good results was got after anterior lumbar discectomy . improving surgical technique and the rehabilitation guiding could prevent re-operation .
duration of disease and age were not the absolute criteria for anterior lumbar discectomy .
determining of no lumbar stenosis and root canal stenosis before the operation and accurate localization were the key points of success of the operation .
the aim of this investigation was to study the mechanism about the aberrant expression of platelet specific antigen on myelomyeloid leukemia cells .
our aims were to investigate the expressions of ki-67 and bax genes , and to study their relationship and the significance of the ratio of ki-67 to bax .
the variation span of ki-67 / bax ratio in normal renal cells was 0.5 to 2.1 , and that in tumor cells was 0.3 ~ 6.2 .
but the imbalance between proliferation and apoptosis may be one of the causes of tumorigenesis .
our purpose was to study the effect and mechanism of lp ( a ) on platelet thrombosis .
our purpose was to examine and analyze the malignatn cell of serous cavity effusion .
aspirating serous cavity effusion were analyzed immediately , then centrifugated , stained with wright-giemsa , and observed unedr imcroscope .
malignant cells were found in 702 patients of 3 672 with serous cavity effusion ( 19.1 % ) .
the cytology analysis of serous cavity effusion has an instructive significance to the qualitative diagnosis of hyarothorax ascites .
umbilical cord blood samples were also taken from the two groups for those measurments .
distant and near vision , positive and negative reserve of relative accommodative capabilities were measured on thirty-one freshmen with normal vision by standard vision chart .
the relative accommodative capability of the eyes of undergraduate students with normal vision are normal .
to study the pharmacokinetics of berberi ne ( ber ) in single dosage and coadministration with oryzanol in rabbits and heal thy volunteers .
ber in serum was determined by rp-hplc with uv-det ector .
it was found that ber in serum was linear over the range of 20-640 g. l-1 .
the detection limit was 20 g.
l -1 , tpeak 0.63 h , auc0- 491.7 g. l-1.h-1 respectively . in healthy volunteers ;
its cmax 394.7 g. l-1 , tpeak 2.37 h , auc0- 3028.3 g.
l-1.h-1 respectively .
when it was coadministrated with oryzanol in rabbits , the c max 210.8 g.
l-1 , tpeak 0.65 h , auc0- 1105.4 g. l-1.h-1 respectively ;
in healthy volunteers : the cmax 534.21 g.
l-1 , tpeak 2.45 h , auc0- 4136.9 g. l-1.h-1 respectively .
the concentration-time curves of the two groups fitted one compartment model either in rabbits or in healthy volunteers .
to study pharmacokinetics and relative bi oavailability of naproxen dispersible tablet in 10 healthy volunteers .
the analysis of variance and double single-side t-test were used as statistical analysis .
the relative bioavailability of naproxen dis persible tablet was 98.71 % compared with capsule .
the dispersible tablet and capsule of naproxen were bioequivalent .
to investigate the pharmacokinetics , pharm acodynamics and toxicity it of vancomycin in fatients after liver transplanterat ion with peritonitis .
the concentration of vancomycin in bile was low and it did not achieve the effective concentration .
the pharmacokinetics parameter of vancomycin had no obvious difference with that of the healthy people .
the concentrations of plasma should be monitored when taking vancomycin to ensure applied safety and efficacy .
vancomycin should not be used when gallbladder was infected .
to observe the change of pharmacokinetic s of sulfadiazine and liver function in alloxan diabetic mice .
to study the effect of zinc indomethacin on the ratio of zinc to copper after rats were treated with zinc indomethacin .
the zinc and copper levels were determined by atomic absorption spectrophotometry .
zinc cannot be accumulated and did not disturb the ratio of zinc to copper .
to study the effect of sugarcoat on the determination of verapamil hydrochloride tablets .
a ultraviolet spectrophotometer was used .
there was no remarkable difference between the two methods .
( p > 0.05 ) . conclusion : the sugarcoat had no effect on the determination of verapamil hydrochloride tablets .
to develop a laser drilling technique for manufacturing oral osmotic drug delivery system .
a so-called " moment stationary " method was utilized , which is different from the popular method abroad .
computer and a special laser tube were used to control the machine automatically and to detect the laser intensity in order to ensure each tablet drilled .
the quality of the drilled holes was improved greatly . the drilling rate with the laser reached 16 tablets per second .
the laser drilling ( ll-9801 ) was designed excellent for drilling on the osmotic pumps in manufacture process .
higher rate over 25 tablets per second is possible after being improved further .
to isolate and determine two indole alkaloids ( l2 and l3 ) from lycorma delicatula white ( chinese name is chuji ) .
screening effective component of angelica sinensis to extend artery .
effective component of angelica sinensis were screened by cell membrance chromacography ( cmc ) , separated by tlc and testified by pharmacological trial in vitro .
and conclusions : on the whole , interrelation between compound and membrane protein ( including membrane receptor ) was reflected by employing the vascular cmc model .
to study the hypoglycemic effect of subcutaneous administration of insulin nanocapsules on diabetic rats .
the effects of insulin nanocapsules was evaluated by using the model of diabetic rat caused by streptozotocin .
the effect of injection of insulin nanocapsules with 3 days a time was close to insulin injection with 3 times a day .
the relationship between anti-inflammat ion effects of tripterygium wilfordii polyglycosidium ( twp ) and its effects on no production in rats was studied .
the antitumor effect of tuftsin was studied by observing the growth of s180 tumor cells in the living kunming mice .
tuftsin showed antitumor effect with the slower growth of tumor , the higher nk cell activity , and the long-time survival .
the artificial synthesized tuftsin has antitumor effect , and is expected to treat the malignant tumor in future .
to study the preparation and release of m etronidazole from one-way sustained-release films of compound metronidazole .
the sustained-release films were produced by spreading drug on protective films . the permeated device of two-pool thermostat was used to study the release of the films .
the preparation and determination of the sustained-release films were finished . it had charaterist ics of one-way release and one-way release through mucous membranes .
its determination was feasible , and the films had characteristics of one-way release and one-way release through the mucous membranes .
to study the release kinetics and release mechanisms of ethylcellulose solid dispersion granules and tablets .
the sequence of fitness ( from good to bad ) of granules dissolution model was : zero-order model , higuchi model , first-order model .
the sequence of fitness ( from good to bad ) of tablets disslution model was : hig uchi model , first-order model , zero-order model .
the drug release of granules was surface diffusion mechanism , following zero-order release kinetics .
the drug release of tablet s was matrix diffusion mechanism , following highchi square root equation .
to study the constituents triterpenoid in total glucosides of tripterygium wilfordii . methods : triterpenoid compounds were isolated by means of chromatography on silica gel .
their structures were determined by physical , chemical properties and by spectroscopic analysis .
regelin ( 3 ) and demethylregelin ( 4 ) was isolated from this plant for the first time .
to study the effects of antisense interl eukin-1 ( il-1 ) receptor associated kinase-2 ( irak-2 ) oligodeoxynucleotide ( o dn ) on the cellular response to il-1 .
antisense irak-2 odn was delivered by lipofectin encapsulation into cultured endothelial cells .
2 antisense irak-2 odn inhibited il-1-induced icam -1 mrna expression .
3 antisense irak-2 odn inhibited irak-2 mrna expression .
to evaluate the safety and efficacy of a mpicillin / sulbactum in the treatment of bacterial infections .
there were no statistical difference between the two groups with respect to clinical efficacy , bacterial clearance and adverse reaction .
to search some new natural skin antifung al drugs and to exploit the aromatic plant resources .
l-1 , its principal components were patchouli alcohol , -bulnesene andpatchoulene .
the oil of a. rugosa had a poor antifungal effect with mic of 700 ~ 1000 l.
l-1 , it is mainly composed of the menthone derivatives .
this study suggested that the patchouli oil had specific antifungal effect against dermatophysis with good prospects .
to study the chemical constituents of roots of tripterygium wilfordine hook . f.
s : lignans compounds were extracted and separated by means of cool ethanol extraction and chromatography on silica gel .
ii : syringaresinol ;
compoundi , ii were separated from tripterygium wilfordine hook .f . for the first time .
to evaluate some of chinese crude drugs for inhibitory activity on tyrosinase .
some of the crude drugs could be used in medicines or cosmetics for the treatment of hyperpigmentation .
to study the antioxidative effects of pelargonium hortorum bailey flower water extracts .
the pelargonium hortorum bailey flower can be used as an antioxidant .
to study the effect of terbiaminazole on ergosterol biosynthesis in fungi .
terbiaminazole inhibited ergosterol biosynthesis and caused the concentration of lanosterol increased with a dose-dependent manner in fungi .
to compare the inhibitory activity to -lactamase of tazobactam with sulbactum .
the inhibitory activity of tazobactam was stronger than that of sulbactum .
the ultrastructural morphology of microspheres on surface and inside section topography was observed by scanning electron microscope ( sem ) ;
the pattern of drug release for 30 days in vitro fitted to zero order release plot , with an initial burst effect at the first day .
the exploitation of phbv microspheres as middle term-sustained drug release may lead to a prosperity in clinical use .
to study the preparation of isoniazid encapsulated niosome ( inh-ns ) and evaluate its quality .
the niosomes were prepared by hand-shaking method . the morphology of inh-ns , the entrapment efficiency and the stability of inh-ns were studies .
the inh-ns was stable for three months when stored in refrigerator or at room temperature .
to study the basic properties of ethylcellulose .
to determine the viscosity , intrinic viscosity , scanning electron micrograph ( sem ) and x-ray powder diffraction pattern ( xrd ) of ethylcellulose .
in the xrd profiles , the area ratio of two amorphous peaks of the domestic products was different from that of import .
the determined properties of ethylcellulose had some correlationship .
the sem and xrd of the domestic and import ethylcellulose products were different .
to study the pk / pd of netilmicin penetrated into the tissue of appendicitis .
penetration index ( pi ) and inhibitory quotient ( iq ) were calculated by auctissue / aucserum and cmax / mic ratios , respectively .
pi of netilmicin was 0.396 , and iq for different isolates from appendicitis were above 8 and 10 , respectively .
the results demonstrated that 0.3 g single bolus once daily may achieve optimal peak to mic ratios and satisfy with the treatment of patients with appendicitis .
to study the pharmacokinetics and relative bioavailability of clarithromycin capsule .
the data obtained were fitted with pkbp-n1 program .
there were no significant differneces between their pharmacokinetic parameters . the tested capsule and the reference tablet is bioequivalent with frel = 101.64 % .
the pharmacokinetics and relative bioavailability of dispersible tablet of co-trimexazole were studied in 10 healthy male volunteers .
a ywg-c18 column ( 250 mm 4.6 mm id , particle size , 10 m ) was used ;
the mobile phase was meoh-phosphate buffer ( ph7.0 ) -etoac ( 75:25:1 ) with a flow rate of 1.0 ml.min-1 and detected at 312 nm .
a regression equation was set up , the precision of the method and the recovery rates were measured .
regression equation was a = 19058.54m + 1352.66 , r = 0.9997 , over the range of 0.6375 ~ 6.4375 g ;
the rsd for the intra-day and inter-day was 1.15 % , 0.44 % , respectively ;
the mean recoveries were 108.48 % , 105.15 % and 109.53 % versus the added authentic sample at the concentrations of 122,244 and 488 g.ml-1 , respectively .
the peak value appeared between day 15 to day 17 under the given condition .
the method is sensitive and reproducible for the quantitative determination of the ergot fermentation product -ergocryptine .
to develop a new hplc method for the isolation and determination of ampicillin and its dergadation products .
chromatographed conditions included column : nova-pak c18 ;
mobile phase : 0.02 mol .
l-1 monobasic sodium phosphate ( nah2po4 ) solution ( ph4.5 ) -acetonitrile ( 95 : 5 ) ;
detection wave-lengths at 230 nm .
the method was simple , rapid , accurate and can be used to assay ampicillin and its degradation prouducts .
to determine potassium in chinese medicinal herb .
the samples were stoved , grinded down , sieved and then made into agar suspension .
test solutions were prepared by adding nacl solution to appropriate amounts of the suspension to eliminate ionization interference .
the test solutions were injected into air-acetylene flame . standard calibration method was used to calculate potassium .
this method is convenient and accurate .
it is possible to replace the ashing method by suspension sampling method for the determination of potassium in chinese medicinal herb by flame atomic absorption spectrometry .
to determine the content and dissolution of phencynonate hydrochloride tablets ( pht ) .
a solvent extraction-acid dye spectrophotometry method was used with the detection wavelength at 413 nm .
the drug dissolution rate for 30 min was over 90 % .
this method is convenient , accurate and specific for the content determination of pht .
to obtain highly purified l-asparaginase ii through the studies on-pilot-scale technology and product properties .
ginsenoside-rh3 was firstly isolated and obtained from the leaves of panax quiquefolium l.
the sfe method demonstrated many advantages , such as short extraction time and high extraction efficiency , etc.
the surfactant coating and plasma protein adsorption were found to have some effect on the uptake of microemulsions or nanoparticles by mpm respectively .
to study the action of the extract of peu cedanum praeruptorum dunnon ( ppd ) on monocrotaline ( mct ) -induced pulmonary hypertension in rats .
mct was used to establish the chronic pulmonary hypertension model in rats ;
nifedipine was used as the positive control .
the pulmonary artery pressure was monitored by r6000 polygraph system through the cannulation of pv-1 polyvinyl tube .
the thickness of pulmonary artery media was measured under microscope .
the composition of tenascin-c in pulmonary vasculature was observed through immunofluorescence assay .
ppd reduced the pulmonary artery pressure without significant influencing the systemic artery pressure .
it decreased the right heart index and reduced the thickness of small pulmonary artery media greatly .
ppd inhibited the mct-induced pulmonary hypertension in rats .
to investigate both the effective the dosage and the toxic dosage of cbn on the cerebral blood flow in mice .
the blood flow on the rolando szone-motor area of cerebral cortex ( ap-1 , l2 ) was tested by the way of laser doppler instrument .
cbn effectively improved the blood flow , by the dosages of 12.5,25,50 mg.kg-1 , respectively , with the dose-effect relation ship .
the correlation coefficients between the blood flow downwards and the respiratory or heart rate decreased were 0.9393 and 0.9399 respectively .
cbn at low dosage could increase the blood flow .
while using the toxic dosage , it could decrease the flow with the obviously correlation between the respiratory and the heart rate .
it suggested that the acute toxicity of cbn may be related to the systems of respiratory , circulation and central nervous .
to study the effects of low molecular weight heparin ( lmwh ) on allergic response .
lmwh 16000 and 8000 u.
insulin entrapped in polylactide microcapsulated insulin ( pla-mci ) was determined by follin-phenol method by uv spectrophotometer .
the hypoglycemic effects were determined by periodically assaying blood glucose levels in diabetic rats .
it showed similar hypoglycemic profile to insulin . 34 unfasting diabetic rats were gavaged by pla-mci ( contained insulin 2.5mg ) .
pla-mci kept the hypoglycemic effects of native insulin but showed a new pharmacologic model .
the average recoveries of misoprostol and diclofenac sodium were 100.0 % , 100.6 % ; with rsd 0.6 % , 0.7 % , respectively .
diclofenac sodium , misoprostol and its related impurities could be determined simultaneously .
the method is convenient , accurate and precise .
to identify chinese wild ginseng and planted ginseng .
the wild ginseng has much dispirited tissue in transverse section ;
many round cluster crystals ;
a little of starch granule ;
fewer resin canals in outer phloem . these characteristics can be used for the identification of wild genseng .
to study the pharmacokinetics of nerve growth factor ( ngf ) in mice .
after iv125i-ngf 25 g.kg-1 , the elimination half life ( t1 / 2 ) was 2.223 h in sds-page method and 2.264 h in tca method , respectively .
the elimination half life of ngf in mice was short .
the pharmacokinetics of125i-ngf here provided a useful index for clinical trial .
to develop a reversed-phase liquid chromatographic method for the determination of epalrestat in human plasma and study its pharmacokinetics .
this method is rapid , accurate and sensitive , it is very suitable for the investigation of clinical pharmacokinetics of epalrestat .
study on the chemical constituents of essential oil from the leaves of litsea mollia hemsl .
41 chemical constituents were separated and identified representing 91.5 % of the total contents .
compounds were separated by column chromatography with silica gel , whose structures were elucidated by spectral analysis and chemical evidence .
to study the difference in pharmacological activities between fresh ginger and dry ginger .
the dried ginger showed lower activity than the fresh ginger .
the results suggested that the fresh ginger should not be replaced by the dried one in clinical application .
to prepare several ethylcellulose-active drug solid dispersions and define the suitability of using ethylcellulose as sustained-release solid dispersion excipient .
ethylcellulose is suitable to be sustained-release solid dispersion excipient .
to study the stability of carboplatin suppository .
in lipid suppository base , the carboplatin was stability at room temperature , light and high humidity conditions .
the assay is accurate , rapid and sensitive . the carboplatin suppository stability was good if stored it under 25c and dry place .
to prepare the etoposide-bovine serum albumin-microspheres ( vp-bsa-ms ) and to study the properties of its morphology , drug loading and release in vitro .
the vp-bsa-ms was prepared by emulsion-heat stabilization techniques .
to study the preparation of microemulsion containing paclitaxel for both intravenous and oral administration , its stability and bioavailability .
this study developed a new formulation for paclitaxel . it will provide a scientific basis of the intravenous and oral administiation of paclitaxel .
to study the relative bioavailability of disodium etidronate capsules in healthy volunteers .
to study the relative bioavailability and bioequivalence between eperisone tablets ( test drug ) and its standard tablets ( reference drug ) in 12 healthy male volunteers .
l-1 , respectively . the times approached to peak concentration ( tpeak ) were ( 0.92 0.12 ) and ( 0.94 0.11 ) h , respectively ;
and auc0 ~ t were ( 12.61 7.79 ) and ( 13.17 7.44 ) g.h . l-1 , respectively .
the relative bioavailability of the test durg was ( 94.1 12.3 ) % of the imported eperisone tablets . they were bioequivalent .
the auc and the cmax of the former was as 3.7 times and 5 times as the absorption through skin respectively .
the transdermal ionphoretic ibuprofen delivery system may be a new mode for administration .
to establish a pre-column chiral derivatization reversed-phase high performance liquid chromatographic method for the separation of ketoprofen enantiomers .
tlc and hplc were used .
the three medicines contained in the capsules were identified by tlc with contrast experiment .
the method is simple , rapid and reliable for quality control of the capsules .
to evaluate the efficacy and safety of domestic simvastatin ( shenzhen boda natural product co . ltd & shanghai yanan pharmaceutical factory ) in treating patients with hypercholesterolemia .
the blood pressure lowering effect of qingxuan compared with nitrendipine were evaluated . methods : mild and moderate primary hypertensive patients were selected .
the 92 cases were divided into 3 groups ; group 1 : qingxuan 5 tablets 3 times a day ;
group 2 : nitrendipine 10 mg 2 times a day ;
group 3 : qingxuan adding nitrendipine .
after 1 week control period the active exprimental drugs were started separately , the observation was lasted 6 weeks .
qingxuan possessed the same blood pressure lowering effect with nitrendipine for the mild and moderate hypertensive patients .
the improvement of hypertensive symptoms of qingxuan was better than nitrendipine .
qingxuan is one of the selective antihypertensive drugs for the treatment of mild and modevate hypertensive patients .
our population is aging and infections often affect the aged , thus the antibiotic treatment for them is an important issue .
the great majority ( 81.5 % ) of the ten most frequently used antibiotics has dui 1 .
to isolate the alkali-soluble polysaccharide from the scierotia of pleurotus tuber-regium ( fr . ) sing .
the polysaccharide ( hnp ) was composed of glucosyl residues and the molecular weight was ca.4.3 105 .
in the hydrolyzate of the periodate -oxidized product , glucose and glycerol were detected by pc and glc .
an absorption at 890 cm-1 in the ft-ir spectra indicates the -configuration .
the lkali-soluble polysaccharide ( hnp ) from the s clerotia of hunai was defined as a ( 1 3 ) - -d-glucan with branched at o -6 .
to investigatge the anti-diabetic active constituents from the bark of aralia decaisneana hance .
to separate the constituents of aralia decaisneana hance by silica gel column chromatography , and to identify their sturctures on the basis of spectral analysis .
vii was a new compound , named aralone .
compound iv and vi were isolated from this plant for the first ti me , compound ii and iii from this genus for the first time .
to study the chemical constituents of fl avonoids from polygonum capitatum .
all the compounds were isolated from this plant for the first time .
to study the effects of polyporus and pac hyman polysaccharides on tyrosine protein phosphorylation in hl-60 cells .
hl-60 cells cultured in vitro were treated by two fungi polysaccharides .
for dth , the relatively low dose , 3.8 mg.kg-1 , had better effect .
however , the relatively high dose ( 20 mg.kg-1 ) had better effects on the production of srbc spectific antibody .
to study the role of water uptake of disi ntegrants and rapidly disintegraing tablets on disintegration .
the correlation existed between the disintegrated time and the lag time of water uptake of tablets .
the lag time of water uptake of disintegrants of tablets could be helpful in evaluating disintegrated effect of disintegrants .
the microspheres were prepared using a w/o emulsion -solvent evaporation technique .
in acedic media , the drug release rate was faster than that in neutral media .
to investigate the method of press-coate d to prepare the pulsatile tablets of diltiazem hydrochloride as a model drug .
the tablet with a core of 30 mg diltiazem hydrochloride and a outer shell of hydrophobic material was prepared by the method of press -coated .
the ph media was found to have no significantly effect on the release of diltiazem hydrochloride .
the pulsatile release of ditiazem hydrochloride could be controlled by adjusting the composition of the outer shell materials and the manipulation condition .
to study the chemical constituents of un saponifiable lipids from the seeds of trichosanthes kirilowii maxim.in order to establish quality standards for fructus trichosanthis and semen trichosanthi s.
the preceding four compounds were reported for the first time in china .
to separate and identify the chemical constitutes of the arial parts of saussurea tridactyla sch-bip .
the compounds were isolated with chromatography technology , their chemical strucrures were elucidated with uv , ir , ms , 1h-nmr spectral methods .
these compounds were isolated from the plant for the first time , and compound iii were isolated from this genus for the first time .
these findings demonstrate that the extracts possesse antidepressant activity .
the inner free calcium concentration was measured with fura-2 / am probe fluorescent technique .
the rabbit platelet activation induced by platelet activating factor can be inhibited by safflor yellow .
to evaluate the bile acid-binding capacities between aluminum-magnesium hydroxycarbonate and sucralfate at different p h in vitro . methods an artificial gastrointestinal model was used .
the assay developed here was accurate , specific and simple .
to investigate the preparation of the do uble-layer tablet of tramadol hydrochloride ( tmd ) and tostudy its in vitro / in viv o release .
orthogonal design was used to determine th eoptimal formulation of the sustained release layer of the tablets .
the characteristics of the in vitro / in vivo release were compared between the prepared tablets and the imported tablets .
the dissolution was tested by rotating basket method and was determined by uvspectrophotometry .
in vivo study , rabbits ' serum concentration was determined by hplcmethod with a fluorescence detector .
the sustained release property of theprepared double-layer tablets was remarkable and there was no significant differencebetween the pharma cokinetic parameters of the prepared and imported tablets .
tmd double-layer tablets provide an ideal preparation for the study of central analgesicsdomestic .
the plasma concentrations of gemfibrozil capsules in 12 rabbits were determined by hplc assay after an oral dose of 54.5 m g * kg-1 .
their relative bioavailability were studied . the correlation between the mean cumulative dissolution rate in vitro and auc in vivo was analysed .
the composition and processing of gemfibrozil capsules were selected with uniform design .
to observe the bioavailability of domestic cisapride capsule and prepuside .
a single oral dose of 15 mg domestic cisapride capsule or prepuside was given to 12 healthy volunteers in a randomized crossover study .
the results de monstraed that the two preparations were bioequivalent .
to compare the pharmacokinetics and bioa vailability of miocamycin under conditions of fasting and after meal .
to study the pharmacokinetics of insulin by transdermal delivery with pulse current iontophoresis in rabbits .
the release electrodes of insulin were made . the plasma concentrations of insulin and c-peptide were determined by radioimmunoassay method .
the insulin absorption in the three groups of transdermal delivery were fast and the peak plasma level appeared around 2.0 h.
but the absorbtion was faster in the subcutaneous injection group and the peak plasma level appeared at 1.1 h.
the cmax , auc , cl / f ( s ) and v ( c ) /f were shown to be dose dependent in the three transdermal groups .
the absorption rate in the subcutaneous injection group was faster than the three groups of transdermal delivery , but the elimination was the same in all the groups .
to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous determination of two component concentrations of complex chlorzoxazone tablets in human serum .
the limits of detection were 0.5 and 0.6 g.ml -1 , respectively . their average recoveries were 95.3 % and 91.6 % , respectively .
t he precision ( rsd ) were 6.0 % and 5.1 % , respectively .
to study the contents of the effective c omponent-ferulic acid in siwutang and in other decoctions composed of one or more ingredients of siwutang .
the contents of ferulic acid were determined by reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography .
the ferulic acid contents in the decoction of angelica sinensis and the decoction of ligusticum chuanxiong were 0.518 mg.g- 1 and 1.215 mg.g-1 , respectively ;
they varied from 0.375 mg.g-1 to 1.761 mg.g-1among siwutang and the decoctions composed of two or three ingredients .
the content of ferulic acid in the dec oction composed of angelica sinensis and ligusticum chuanxiong was the sum of that in the decoction of either of them ;
the contents of that decreasd in the decoc tions combined with paeonia lactiflora and / or rehmannia glutinosa ;
the content of ferulic acid in siwutang appeared to be moderate among all the relative decocti ons .
to quantitatively analyze the content of bilirubin in ganmaotong tables by hplc .
c18 column was used . the mobile phase was consisted of methanol:chloroform:0.1 % phosphoric acid ( 81:13:6 ) . detector at 449 nm .
ii : syringaresinol ;
compoundi , ii were separated from tripterygium wilfordine hook .f . for the first time
to evaluate some of chinese crude drugs for inhibitory activity on tyrosinase .
some of the crude drugs could be used in medicines or cosmetics for the treatment of hyperpigmentation .
to study the antioxidative effects of pelargonium hortorum bailey flower water extracts .
its ic50 on o ?
? was 3.5 g.ml-1 ( red ) , 3.0 g.ml-1 ( pink ) , 1.6 g.ml-1 ( lihgt pink ) , its ic50 on .
the pelargonium hortorum bailey flower can be used as an antioxidant .
to determine the content and dissolution of phencynonate hydrochloride tablets ( pht ) .
a solvent extraction-acid dye spectrophotometry method was used with the detection wavelength at 413 nm .
the drug dissolution rate for 30 min was over 90 % .
this method is convenient , accurate and specific for the content determination of pht .
to obtain highly purified l-asparaginase ii through the studies on-pilot-scale technology and product properties .
three kinds of hplc analysis showed that the purity was greater than 95 % . the mr and pi of the enzyme were 138356 and 4.85 , respectively .
the maximum absorption was obtained at the wavelength of 278 nm . conclusion : the industralized production of recombinant l-asparaginase ii was promising .
to study the effect of ginsenoside to the gastrocolic cancer cells .
ginsenoside as a adjuvant can be combined with some chemotherapeutic agents for the treatments of gastric and colonic carcinoma .
to study the change of the serum level of lipoprotein ( a ) ( lp ( a ) ) and blood-lipoids of heroin addicts and its clinical significance .
the data were statistically analyzed .
tg and tg / hd were obviously higher ( p < 0.01 ) , but tch and hdl-c were lower ( p < 0.001 ) ;
ldl-c and vl-ch were approximately the same ( p > 0.05 ) .
to generalize the clinical characteristics and therapeutic experiences in heroin dependence patients concurrent with acute bronchitis during detoxification .
a retrospective analysis was carried out in 500 dependent patients .
of the 500 patients , 28 cases ( 5.6 % ) had acute bronchitis , which occurred together with heroin withdrawal symptoms .
anti-inflamed and anti-asthmatic therapy has a good efficacy on patients with concurrent heroin dependence and acute bronchitis during detoxification .
to investigate the change of cognitive potentials p300 in heroin addicts and discuss its clinical application .
to survey and analyze the epidemic characteristics of drug abuse in tianjin .
case retrospective analysis was conducted in 1020 drug abusers who were treated in ankang hospital during 1992 to 1998 .
most of the drug abusers in this area were unemployed and self-employed young men under the age of 30 with low educational level .
the source of drugs was black-market .
the abusing route was intravenous or intramuscular injection .
the consequences of drug abuse for individuals , families and public health were serious .
the key measure for drug demand reduction is to establish prevention mechanism , fight against drug related criminals and cut off the channels of black-market .
physical and psychological health condition and knowledge about drugs were interviewed before and after intervention in both groups .
to study the therapeutic effect of rehabilitation training on relapse prevention in heroin addicted patients .
rehabilitation training is effective in helping to reduce relapse rate , which is worth developing in the therapy of heroin addiction .
to investigate how long , how many of them and what reason heroin addicts would change their administration routes of heroin abusing .
a self-designed questionnaire for drug abuse investigation was adopted .
the duration of heroin abusing was 1-10 years .
the main reason for the change was to seek for euphoria , save money and drugs , shorten administration time etc.
the key time of prevention of such change is within 6 years after their drug abuse .
the ic50 value of nalmefene against the binding of 3h- naloxone was 5.6 10-9 mol .
l-1 and the proportion , nalmefene:naltrexone:naloxone , was about 1:1.2:3.5 . those results are basically in an agreement with their efficacies against morphine in rats .
to observe the pathological changes of prostate with 5- ht1a receptor agonist urapidil in morphine dependent rats .
a light prostatic atrophia was produced in morphine dependent rats .
urapidil may inhibit the multiplication of prostate in morphine withdrawal rats .
to evaluate analgesic effect and acute toxicity of naprodein ( codeine : naproxen = 1 : 10 ) .
the ed50 values were 4.96,1.49 mg
kg-1 by acetic acid-induced writhing , 0.67 and 0.34 g
kg-1 by tail- flicking in mice and rats , respectively ; ld50 values were 1.78 and 0.31 g
to study the efficacy of buprenorphine ( bup ) on opioids dependence treatment .
bup could inhibit some withdrawal symptoms significantly , but could not change the time spent in the morphine- paired box .
to study the recovery degree of pituitary , adrenal and testis of heroin- dependent rhesus monkeys after being treated with kangsaide , a traditional chinese medicine .
some acidophilic cells and one or two basophilic cells in pituitary of all monkeys ( 3/3 ) were necrosis .
one or two acidophilic and basophilic cells in pituitary of two third monkeys ( 2/3 ) were necrosis .
the structure and functions in adrenal gland , testis , pituitary etc. could get more rapid recovery after being treated with kangsaide .
to probe into the mechanism of sudden unexpected death occurring frequently in chronic opioid dependent persons during withdrawal period .
while the level of sil- 2r which is an immunosuppressive factor in serum increased .
to study dynamic changes of endocrine hormones in heroin addicts during natural drug withdrawal .
to investigate protracted withdrawal symptoms of inpatient heroin addicts after detoxification .
anxiety was the most important symptom in heroin addicts after detoxification .
sleep disorders and anxiety should be treated after detoxification .
to study the clinical features of mental disorders and physical conditions induced by chronic alcoholism for further treatment and prevention .
there was a positive relationship between the psychiatric symptoms ( hallucination , delirium and personality changes ) induced by alcoholism and duration of alcohol consumption .
mental disorders and physical conditions induced by alcoholism are mostly correlated with the duration of alcohol consumption . it is suggested that early intervention will benefit the prognosis .
abrupt mental disorder , which was diagnosed as induced psychosis according to ccmd- 2- r , occured in 18 cases of heroin addicts during compulsory detoxification .
the main clinical complications were identical delusion and affective disorder , which were soon alleviated after isolation .
to evaluate the efficacy and adverse reaction of coan tablets .
its clinical control rate was 30.0 % , marked effective rate was 63.3 % .
coan tablets are effective for relieving cough and reducing sputum . it is safe in clinical use .
to investigate the clinical features of the patients with heroin and benzodiazepine ( bzd ) dependence .
analyse the 56 cases diagnosed as heroin and bzd mixed dependent patients .
of the 56 cases , 48 cases ( 87.5 % ) suffered from acute brain symptoms .
it occurred 3- 8 days ( 5.0 d s 1.5 d ) after admission to hospital .
polydrug abuse produces more severe withdrawal syndromes .
heroin mixed bzd dependent patients should detoxify heroin prior to bzd .
to study the aefficacy of buspirone on anxiety and drug craving of heroin dependent patients during detoxification .
the adverse drug reactions of buspirone , such as headache , gastrointestinal symptoms and excitement did n't affect the therapy efficacy .
buspirone can reduce anxiety , craving and drug- seeking behavior in patients with heroin- dependence during detoxification .
a survey on 155 opioid abusers and their polydrug abuse was carried out with a questionnaire designed by national institute on drug dependence .
showed that the number of new abusers and the proportion of female abusers were increasing .
the aim of their polydrug abuse was alleviating some withdrawal symptoms , reinforcing opioid euphoria and opioid efficacy .
these non- opioid drugs mainly came from drug stores and hospitals . therefore administration on psychoactive drugs should be strengthened .
case- control study was adopted to investigate emotional quotient of 310 female drug addicts and 357 controls .
( 3 ) poor administration capacity for making relations with others ( p < 0.001 ) ;
( 4 ) poor judgement capacity for mood , which resulted in disregarding for others and listening to others impatiently ( p < 0.001 ) ;
female drug addiction is related to low eq status .
after the s- ( - ) -ver .
hcl was obtained .
in order to search for novel antiinflammatory agents and platelet aggregation inhibitors , eleven of ( e ) -4-aryloxyphenyl-3-buten-2-ones derivatives were designed and synthesized .
ten of them have not been reported before in literature except ( 9 ) .
some of the target compounds possessed good antiinflammatory activities and platelet aggregation inhibition .
their structures were confirmed by fab or esi ( 2a-2k ) or 1h-nmr ( 4,7,8 ) .
this method is convenient , simple and gives good yield .
the essential oil was extracted from citrus aurantium ' daidai ' by steam distillation .
there were 39 components in about 86 % of the total essential oil , which were separated and identified .
and there are not significant difference in side effec between two group .
the factors of inclusion complex were influenced through optimally selecting the prepapring technique conditions of delbergia odoriferae oil- -cd indusion complex by orthogonal design .
the relative bioavailability of two flunarizine hydrochloride capsules in human were obtained by making a comparision between the determining results of two preparations .
the study results suggested that the difference was not significant between tmax and cmax of two capsules by the analysis of variance .
the relative bioavailability of the flunarizine hydrochloride capsule relative to xililing capsule was 88.5 ?
% 15.5 ? % . the relative bioavailability of two capsules were equivalent by the comparision of two one-side t test .
new zealand white rabbits were fed either a normal diet , a high-cholesterol diet , or a high-cholesterol diet supplemented with either carvedilol or propranolol .
the synthesis technique of dequalinium was explored .
in the chlorination reaction of 4-hydroxyquinaldine , the yield could be also raised when the adequate triethylamine was added .
this review offers an overview of the -lactamase inhibitor of penem .
methylene penem is the new -lactamase inhibitor .
its structure-activity relationship has already been studied broadly .
this article discusses the purpose , procedures and contents of the inspection of drug clinical trials and illustrates the importance of inspection in drug clinical trial supervision .
through undertaken the 6 critical control functions by national regulatory authority , the quality , safety and efficacy of biological products can be assured .
inviting public bidding for drug purchasing in hospitals is a new matter and is a discussing question .
this paper introduce the action of inviting public bidding for drug purchasing in our hospital .
it is considered that the method is feasible and worth of being spread under the effective supervision and management .
a hplc method for content determination of cis-isomer of tramadol were established .
this method showed good precision , and it was simple , sensitive and rapid enough to be used in pharmaceutical analysis of tosufloxacin tosilate and its capsules .
aim : to study the utilization of iron agents consumed in beijing tiantan hospital during the period from 1994 to 1998 .
the daily drug expenditure for each category was calculated . results : the main iron agents were taken orally in the hospital and some of them were imported .
the iron dextran was used only in the iron agents for injection .
the iron agents in the hospital could basically meet the clinical need .
aim : to investigate the curative effect of -aescine sodium on traumatic swelling .
all the patients were treated for 14 days .
intravenous -aescine sodium is highly effective in the treatment of traumatic swelling .
the number of particle is higher than the standard of china pharmacopoeia at 4 c after 8 h ;
to establish tachypleus amebocyte lysate ( tal ) to determine the bacterial endotoxin in meglumine diatrizoate injection .
it was effective that bacterial endotoxin in meglumine diatrizoate injection can be tested by tal with accuracy of 0.5 eu.ml-1 .
to examine the feasibility of the bacterial endotoxin test in ribavirin glucose injection with differential tal .
ribavirin glucose injection had no influence on the sensitivity of the differential tal .
the results showed that the method was suitable for the determination of this injection .
to establish a hplc method for the determination of amidopyrin and caffeine in jiannao mixture .
the method was proved to be sensitive , rapid and accurate .
clonidine prophylactic action against soman intoxication was investigated .
yohimbine expressed obviously antagonistic action against the protective effect of clonidine in soman intoxication .
it suggests that the 2-adrenergic receptor activation mediate the protective action of clonidine against soman intoxication .
this phenomenon has been confirmed in a variety of animals and in humans .
nuclear factor- b may play an essential role in the late phase of ischemic preconditioning .
the relaxing effect of pro on the strip of rabbit aorta precontracted by pe was not affected by glibenclamide , n-l-nitro-arginine , indometacin and propranolol .
pro 10 and 100 mol . l-1 increased the levels of camp and cgmp significantly .
the results suggest that the vasodilative mechanism of pro be related to the intracellular elevation of camp and cgmp .
glutamine ( gln ) could also protect hela cells from the cytotoxicity of hd , but not as effective as nac and gsh .
the content of zinc in the plasma , the membrane of red blood cells and small intestine was remarkedly higher in ze group than in zn group ;
it is concluded that ze could exert effects on the mucosa and mucus-iga barrier of intestine .
the effects of ethanol and acetaldehyde on lipid fluidity of cell membrane was measured with 1,6-diphenyl-1,3,5-hexatriene ( dph ) fluorescence probe .
alcohol and acetaldehyde altered fluidity of vys and lead to functional disorder , this probably plays important roles in human fetal alcohol syndrome induced .
l-1 mnng treatment for 2.5 h.
the results obtained suggest that mnng induce the activation of stress related signal transduction pathways .
significant tail defect was found in cp ( 15 mg.kg-1 ) group and cp-induced growth retardation was most serious in cp 20 mg.kg-1 group .
gp7 0.18-18 mol . l-1 could markedly inhibit the growth and proliferation of nb4 .
gp7-induced apoptotic morphological changes were found under both light and electron microscopes and the " ladder " was observed by agarose gel electrophoresis .
apoptosis rate increased as time prolonged .
the peak of apoptosis rate ( 45.0 3.0 ) % was reached at 48 h when nb4 was being exposured to gp7 9 mol .
l-1 . apoptosis rate decreased to ( 26.7 1.5 ) % with prolonged exposure time to 72 h.
there was a correlation between apoptosis rates and logarithmic gp7 concentration ( r = 0.938 , p0.05 ) .
the optimum concentration of azone is 2.0 % with a percutaneous rate of 3.5 g.cm-2.h-1 .
the results showed that dip 10 mol .
dip had no significant effect on maximal diastolic potential at any concentration used .
the results indicate that increasing [ ca2 + ] i is not necessary for the protective action of caffeine on cultured cerebellar granule cells .
the biochemical properties of a partially purified human liver g-type organophosphate hydrolyzing enzyme ( gase ) were examined .
two kinds of scorpion neurotoxic polypeptide -like anti-mammal toxin ( bmki ) and depressant insect-selective toxin ( bmk it2 ) were radiolabeled .
both radiolabeled derivatives were administrated to mice by means of either intraperitoneal or intravenous injection .
the results suggested that the long-chain scorpion neurotoxins be eliminated mainly through kidney , and lacked ability to penetrate the blood-brain barrier .
conclusively , starfish sterol has recovering effects on the impaired acquirement and retrial of the learning and memory in the anisodine-treated mice .
the results suggest that ctn-986 have antidepressant effect , and the cytoprotective effects of ctn-986 be the possible mechanism of its antidepressant effect .
to study the effect of berberine on the cytosolic [ ca2 + ] i of ventricular cells .
l-1 significantly inhibited the ca2 + influx induced by kcl 30 mmol .
these results indicate that i-93 has protective effects against cerebral ischemia-reperfusion injury .
the concentration of any single drug group was 500 , 200 and 80 nmol .
l-1 .
in combination group a , the concentration of each drug was 250 , 100 and 40 nmol .
l-1 , whose sum of molecular concentration of two drugs was equal to single drug group .
the concentration of two antisense drugs in group b were 500 , 200 and 80 nmol .
l-1 , respectively , whose sum of exposure time of two drugs ( 3 h per drug ) was equal to single drug group ( 6 h ) .
the results indicated as follows : the level of 100 nmol .
l-1 of two drugs in combination group a was greater than that of 200 nmol .
l-1 in single isis3521 group on the inhibition of growth of a549 cells ( p < 0.01 ) .
the that of 200 and 80 nmol . l-1 of two drugs in combination group b was greater than that of 200 nmol .
l-1 in single isis3521 group and 80 nmol .
l-1 in single isis5132 group , respectively ( p < 0.01 ) .
it suggests that combination of antisense drugs directed to different target genes enhance inhibitory effects on the proliferation of cancer cells .
the results showed that the levels of ngf mrna were decreased significantly by exposure to the ethanol at the concentration as low as 0.5 g.
the duration of action was about 30 min in rats or about 2 h in rabbits .
pm ( 4-25 mg.kg-1 , orally ) did not affect copulatory behavior in male rats and rabbits .
these results suggest that pm act locally in the penile structure to cause penile erection and do not have aphrodisiac activity .
l-1 mapk antisense oligode- oxynucleotides for 48 h reduced phosphorylated p42 / p44 mapk protein expression and inhibited vsmc [ 3h ] thymidine incorporation stimulated by pdgf .
in the present study , the protective effects of exogenous bradykinin and nitroglycerin on cardiac anaphylaxis were examined .
these results suggest that exogenous bradykinin or nitroglycerin be beneficial for cardiac anaphylactic reaction , and the protective effects be related to stimulation of cgrp release .
the results showed that ( 1 ) in the presence of extracellular ca2 + 1.3 mmol .
( 2 ) pretreatment of vsmc with ber 10-30 mol .
the sustained phase of [ ca2 + ] i elevation by serotonin 1 mol .
l-1 was also reduced ( p < 0.01 ) , while ber did not work on the transient increase ( p > 0.05 ) .
the similar effects of ber were also observed with verapamil 10 mol .
l-1 . ( 3 ) in d-hanks solution , [ ca2 + ] i mobilization by caffeine 100 mmol .
l-1 was not suppressed ( p > 0.05 ) by ber pretreatment .
the effect of dopamine was not blocked by propranolol but was completely prevented by sch23390 , a selective da1 antagonist .
the effects of tetramethylpy- razine ( tmp ) on the h2o2 ( 75 mol
the study provides a scientific basis to prevent and treat cataract by using sf as a drug .
fusion proteins constructed between glutathione s-transferase ( gst ) and cyp1a1 was expressed in escherichia coli dh5 .
we identified recombinants pgex / 1a1 by direct expression screening .
insoluble proteins were isolated from the bacteria and the fusion proteins were purified from a preparative ( 2 mm ) sds-page .
the polyacrylamide gel containing the fusion proteins gst-1a1 was used to immunize balb / c mice from which polyclonal ascites fluid was prepared .
the purified gst-2b6 and gst-1a1 were used to test the specificity of 1a1pab . 1a1pab is specific to gst-1a1 and is still weakly crossreactive with gst-2b6 .
but cyp1a1 can be discriminated from other cyp subtypes .
the km of r ( - ) -ppf is smaller than that of s ( + ) -ppf , whereas the difference in vmax is not significant .
the metabolism of nimodipine ( nim ) in human liver microsomes was studied in vitro to identify its metabolites and metabolic pathway .
the above changes were inhibited by gypenoside .
the results suggest that the gypenoside scavenge toxic oxygen radicals induced by doxorubicin and protect the diaphragm myocytes .
the data suggest that the nim significantly ameliorate the metabolic disorder of monoamine neurotransmitters in the cerebral cortex after sah .
the effect of cimetidine and ranitidine on small intestinal longitudinal strips in rats was studied .
these results suggest that : 1cimetidine inhibit contractile activity of ileal strips , but ranitidine excite it ;
after exposed to cp and te , most beas-2b cells showed the features of cytotoxic cell death and apoptosis .
parameters including irregular form index , nucleus-cytoplasm ratio , which depicted the irregular shape of cell were decreased as the same order .
the data suggest that parameters of cytological morphometry are important in investigation of the transformation of human bronchial epithelial cells .
litter size and sex ratio were not different between the endosulfan treated groups and the control one .
birth weights and crown-to-rump lengths of the pups in the highest dose group were somewhat decreased at birth , but the differences disappeared thereafter .
the incidence of apoptosis of testis germ cells examined on d 28 was not significantly different between the control and endosulfan treated groups .
these results demonstrate that the endosulfan does not cause demasculinizing or feminizing effects on the male offspring of rat after gestational and lactational exposure .
the mechanisms of cell transformation and potential carcinogenesis caused by glycidyl methacrylate ( gma ) in human embryonic lung fibroblasts ( helfs ) are not well understood .
in this study , helfs were exposed to 0 .
5-5 . 0 mg . l-1 gma in vitro for 2 hand 12 h or to 5.0 mg .
meanwhile , the induction of apoptosis in exposed helfs was investigated by agarose gel electrophoresis and flow-cytometry assays .
the results showed that gma could cause dna strand break in exposed cells in a dose- and time-dependent manner .
the inducing effect of gma on apoptotic response in helfs , however , was not observed in the same conditions .
relationship between inhibitory effect on ache and serum phoxim concentration was indicated as a counterclock-wise hysteresis loop .
the abnormal fluctuation of nos activity in brain , with the time prolonging , indicated that no involved in the non-cholinergic neurotoxicity .
these results , rather slower auto-reactivation and aging of inhibited bche , may suggest pronounced evidence for its role in cholinergic effect .
inhibition of energy synthesis induced by allyl chloride in nerve cells might be one of the mechanisms of calcium unhomeostasis .
ethanol of 0.2 g.
l-1 with different dose of acetaldehyde , exhibited independent actions except synergistic effect on heart .
these results suggest that ethanol be the major factor in dysfunction of brain development whereas acetaldehyde plays critical roles in other organ teratogenesis .
genomic dnas were extracted from blood .
the cyp 1a1 and gst m1 genetic polymorphisms were determined by pcr approach and relp , respectively .
odds ratio and 95 % confidence interval of these gene polymorphisms were calculated by statistical analysis .
the results showed that sb pretreatment can ameliorate the nephrotoxicity of cddp to rats .
the possible mechanisms that sb alleviate the nephrotoxicity of cddp are the scavengation of free radicals , the depression of lipid peroxidation and the strength of antioxidant ability .
sb pretreatment would not reduce the antitumor activity of cddp on s180 , and sb itself may possess some antitumor activity .
the values of their pi50 are 10.3 , 9.1 and 9.2 , respectively .
the combination of two nerve agents did not result in potentiation of ache inhibition .
both hi-6 and 2-pam-cl could efficiently reactivate gf or gf + gb , although the reactivation rate of hi-6 was higher than that of 2-pam-cl .
ll now , nine different gene families of phosphodiesterases ( pdes ) have been isolated froma variety of tissues .
each pde family and even members within a family also exhibit tissue- , cell- , and subcell-specific expression patterns and therefore pdes inhibitors have extensive physiological actions .
among these families , pde 4 is currently considered as intracellular target for new anti-inflammatory drugs and cns drugs .
in this review , a brief summarization is made on inhibitors of pdes along with their clinical use .
tumor-associated angiogenesis plays a pivotal role in the growth and metastasis of tumors .
many angiogenesis factors ( including activators and inhibitors ) participate in modulating tumor-associated angiogenesis .
in this review , we report the recent progress in mechanistic studies of angiogenesis and therapeutic approaches to cancer treatment through antiangiogenesis .
chronic nephrotoxicity is main side effect of cyclosporine a ( csa ) .
it is characterized of chronic structural changes , which are marked by increased extracellular matrix , tubular atrophy and arteriolopathy with hyalinization .
the above results indicate that angiotensin- converting enzyme inhibitor and at1 receptor antagonist may be beneficial to renal interstitial fibrosis .
the cardioprotection effects afforded by ischemic preconditioning are due to activation of the katp channels on the sarcolemmal or ( and ) mitochondrial membrane .
experimental evidence from animal models and clinical study has shown that ischemic preconditioning induced by katp channel openers can effectively protect the myocardium against ischemia-reperfusion injury .
aim to evaluate the effect of allitridi ( all ) on pial microcirculation in cerebral ischemia-reperfusion rats .
the arterioles on the rat cerebral surface were observed under a microscope equipped with a television camera and a moniter .
aim to observe the expression of atp-sensitive potassium channels subunit in rat tissues .
reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction ( rt-pcr ) was performed to detect the channels mrna expression .
there are different subunit constitution of katp in different tissues , the kir 6.1 , kir 6.2 and sur 2b subunit are widely expressed in rat tissues .
the number of viable cells was measured by the trypan blue dye exclusion test .
the activity of ck 2 was assayed by detecting incorporation of 32p of [ -32p ] gtp into the substrate .
cell cycle progression was performed by flow cytometry .
aim to study the effects of dopamine receptor agonists on ethanol-induced striatal ascorbic acid ( aa ) release in rats .
the microdialysis coupled to high performance liquid chromatography with electrochemical detection .
ethanol ( 3.0 g.kg-1 , ip ) stimulated significantly striatal aa release by morethan 200 % above the baseline .
aim to study the cardiac l-type calcium channel electrophysiologic effects of anisodamine ( ani ) on rabbit ventricular myocardium .
the ani can inhibit l-ica in a concentration-dependently manner and has calcium antagonistic effect .
il-1 fragment 163 ~ 171 had no effect on membrane potential of bmsc . cl- channel blocker furosemide ( 20 ~ 500 mol .
aim to study the molecular mechanisms of retinoic acid ( ra ) regulating the expressionof collagen produced by lung fibroblasts in vivo .
the enhanced ap-1 activity may play an important role in mediating the overexpression of collagen protein by fibroblasts from fibrosis group .
aim to study the reactivation and inhibitory effects of prolidoxime iodide ( pam ) on cholinesterase ( che ) .
high concentrations of pam ( > 1.0 mmol . l-1 ) could inhibit normal mouse che activity in vitro , in a concentration-dependent manner .
pam could not inhibit-che activity when used in therapeutic doses in vivo .
aim to investigate the induction of apoptosis of nasopharyngeal carcinoma cell line cne 2 by ceramide signaling .
mtt assay , microscope , fluorenscein staining , flow cytometry ( fcm ) and western blot were used .
cne 2 treated with c2-ceramide underwent cell proliferation inhibition .
apoptosis peaks were also detected on fcm . p21waf1 expression in cne 2 treated with ceramide was observed by western blot .
ceramide can induce apoptosis of cne 2 cell line . p21waf1 expression was upregulated in cne 2 treated with c2-ceramide .
aim to study the protective and therapeutic mechanism of rh-itf against hydrochloric acid-induced gastric ulcer in rats and its structural stability under the mimic condition of gastrointestinal tract .
aim to observe the influence of different factors on the efficacy of recombinant adenoviral transfection .
lipofectamine may be used as a tool to enhance the efficacy of transfection with recombinant adenovirus .
aim to evaluate the effects of adenosine on hemodymics induced by chronic hypoxia and hypercapnia rats and the influence of aminophylline .
adenosine or an equal volume saline was infused into the pulmonary artery in differents doses .
the mechanism may partly depend on the release of no from the endothelium cells .
aminophylline can attenuate the relaxation of adenosine .
compared with control , r-sak ( 6 250 u.kg-1,12 500 u.kg-1 ) obviously lessened elt and increased the content of fdp .
compared with control , r-sak ( 8 333 u.kg-1,2 500 u.kg-1 and 7 500 u.-1 ) had the effect of thrombolysis in three experimental models of thrombosis .
r-sak had significant effect on thrombolysis .
atp-induced ca2 + entry was significantly reduced by voltage independent ca2 + channel blocker sk &
f 96365 , pkc inhibitor staurosporine and the inorganic ca2 + channel blocker niso4 , but not by nifedipine , a voltage dependent ca2 + channel blocker .
atp-induced ca2 + entry was inhibited in concentration-dependent manner by cl- channel blocker furosemide ( from 1.25 to 10 mol . l-1 ) .
furosemide-sensitive cl- channel is related to atp-induced ca2 + entry .
the ca2 + influx sensitive to furosemide is not identical to sk &
aim to study the effects of bn-52021 on ap and l-type calcium channel in isolated guinea pig s ventricular myocytes .
whole cell patch- clamp techniques .
recording ap in current-clamp mode and recording current in voltage-clamp mode . results apd90 was shortened 9 % ( p <
0.05 ) , 12 % ( p < 0.01 ) at bn-52021 10-6 mol .
l-1 , 10-5 mol .
l-1 , respectively .
and apd50 was alsoshortened when bn-52021 was 10-6 mol .
l-1 and above .
bn-52021 , at 10-5 mol .
l-1 , increased the resting potential significantly ( p < 0.05 ) .
bn-52021 decreased l-type calcium current ( l-ica ) significantly in a concentration -dependent manner .
peak l-ica was reduced 24.7 % ( p < 0.05 ) at bn-52021 10-6 mol .
aim to study the effects of tetrandrine ( tet ) on small-conductance calcium-activated potassium channels ( skca ) of rat pulmonary artery smooth muscle cells .
inside-out configuration of patch clamp technique .
the conductance of skca in our experiment was 10 ps .
tet 7.5 mol . l-1 has not significant influence on the skca , but 15 mol .
l-1 increased the open probability , changed the open and close model . when concentration of tet rasied to 30 mol .
l-1 , it decreased the open probability and open time constants .
2 the influence of combined metabolite contents on the phenacetin trials .
the free and combined metabolites of phenacetin in plasma were assayed with hplc .
liver cells were damaged severely in the rats with den-induced hepatoma .
the liver mass increased without any significant changes in the liver function tests as phenacetin metabolites .
simultaneous assay of free and combined type metabolites can reflect the biotransformation function of liver corroctly .
aim to study the effect of tnf- on the biological activity of glioma cells .
tnf- may inhibit the proliferation and induce apoptosis but do not affect bcl-2 expression of malignant glioma cells .
ritanserin could significantly increase deep sleep , decrease wake and rem sleep time .
a combination of low dose 8-oh-dpat and ritanserin could increase deep and light sleep , decrease wake and rem sleep more efficiently .
ritanserincan t restore to normal sleep except light sleep in sleep-deprived rats pretreated with pcpa .
aim to observe the peripheral blood lymphocyte ( pbl ) proliferation and interlenkin 2 ( il-2 ) production from patients with systemic lupus erythematosus ( sle ) .
lymphocyte proliferation assay and il-2 determination were used .
the pbl proliferation in sle patients was higher than that in normal humans , but the il-2 production in sle patients was lower than that in normal humans .
the increase of pbl proliferation and decrease of il-2 production from patients with sle may relate to the imbalance of the ratio between th1 and th2 .
skin grafts survival was examined ; flowcytomete ( facscan ) were measured .
by contrast , b6-cd- / -8 experiments depleted of cd + 4 t cells in vivo accepted the mhc-i disparate skin [ >
( 47.5 13.8 ) d ] . the generation of cd + 4 t cells was detected , and it was also reduced by anti-cd4 antibody .
aim to develop a model of dysmnesia by repeated cerebeal ischemia-reperfusion in conscious mouse .
aim to set up a fatigued diaphragm model in vitro due to hypoxic , hypercapnic acidosis .
the absorbance of nf- b decreased after treating the cells with various doses of antisense irak-2 oligonucleotide or tlck .
nf- b activity can be measured by sandwich elisa .
it is not very clear if phosphorylation correlates with agonist-induced receptor desensitization .
according to the chemical structure , peptide antibiotics can be classified into 5 groups : 1 linear , helical peptides ;
2 linear peptides without helix , with a high proportion of certain residues ;
3 peptides with one disulfide bond ;
4 peptides with two or more disulfide bonds ;
5 lantibiotics .
according to mechanism of action , they can be divided into lytic peptides and non-lytic peptides .
peptide antibiotics have been used in medical , food industry and plant genetic engineering , and they have great potential in those fields .
p2 purinoceptors were first subdivided into p2x and p2y subtypes , and later this classification was broadened to include p2t , p2z and p2d subtypes .
most recent evidence demonstrated the existence of a pyrimidine receptor responding to utp but not to atp .
with the development and application of the molecular biologic technique and the cloning and expression of the receptors , the classification was strongly confirmed .
the mechanisms of aging-related attenuation in memory and learning is summarized .
aim to study mrna expression difference of kir2.1 and kir3.1 potassium channels in rat smooth muscle and other tissues .
mrna expressions were detected by rt-pcr , comparative expression levels were determined by imaging densitometer .
mrna expression levels of kir2.1 and kir3.1 in different tissues were different , this different expressions have physiological significance .
pasmc only expressed ryr2 subtype and the increment of ryr2 expression may contribute to the pathological mechanism of pah formation .
aim to observe the influence of complements activated by cobra venom factor ( cvf ) on morphology and function of endothelial cell ( ec ) .
cultured ecs were confirmed with factor viii seen easily as positive in the cytoplasm on immunohistochemistry staining .
cvf induced ec injury with concentration-effect and time-effect dependence . the injury reached peak value at 6 hour after adding cvf .
injured ec became circular appearance , with decreased cell process and junction , coloboma of cytoplasm membrane and nuclear membrane , and increased vacuoles in cytoplasm .
functional changes included increased express of et-1 and bfgf , and low production of t-pa .
cd59 has a significant protection on above injuries .
aim to investigate the protective effect of coixan on pancreatic islet cells injury caused by alloxan in rats .
methods 1the blood glucose and the serum insulin were observed in normal rats by ip coixan ( 50 , 100 mg * kg-1 ) ;
results 1coixan could decrease blood glucose in the normal rats , while the serum insulin level increased non-significantly ( p > 0.05 ) ;
coixan markedly prevents cells from injury induced by alloxan .
aim to study the protective effects of xanthones : 1,8-dihydroxy-3,5-dimethoxyxanthone ( xan-i ) ; 1-hydroxy-3,5-dimethoxyxanthone ( xan-ii ) ;
xans has the protective effects on ischemic reperfusion injury exacerbated by activation of na + /h + exchange system .
it may be concluded that the no from defferent cells and types of nos play unlike roles in the early stage of focal cerebral ischemic injury .
isop caused myocardial injury with increased mda content and sod activity , and decreased gsh-px activity .
preconditioning by pge1 pretreatment attenuates isop induced myocardial injury in both early and delayed phase .
the formation of mda was reduced .
in conclusion , pretreatment with simvastatin results in cardiac protection against free radical injury .
aim protective action of tmp on hearts and brains under the condition of the acute hypoxia was studied .
tmp could make the resisting hypoxia action in mice strengthen significantly , and the action had a does-dependent increase .
as for no contents in hearts , tmp made it decreased does-dependently through does-effect relationship ;
tmp has a notable protection on brains and hearts under the condition of acute hypoxia in mice .
aim to study the protective effects of dna from carp spermary on cell membrane and mitochondria .
spectrometry was used to measure the hemolytic effect of h2o2 on erythrocytes .
the lipid fluidity of erythrocyte membrane increased obviously after dna from carp spermary was administered to the rats .
dna from carp spermary can provent cell membrane and mitochondria from oxidative damage induced by reactive oxygen series .
as compared with gaba-activated current , the amplitude of alcl3-activated current was smaller .
aim to study influence of ferulic acid sodium on the increase of endothelial permeability induced by histamine .
the endothelial cells isolated from bovine aorta were cultured on polycarborate microporous filter membrane to develop confluent endothelial monolayer .
aim to study the effects of salmeterol on diaphragmatic fatigue in vitro induced by hypoxic , hypercapnic acidosis .
salmeterol can improve high frequency fatigue due to hypoxic , hypercapnic acidosis to some extent .
plasma insulin was measured with radioimmunoassay method .
diltiazem increased the plasma insulin level markedly in glucose tolerance test of the rat .
in the hyperglycemia rat induced by adrenaline , diltiazem 100 mg.kg-1 weakly increased the plasma insulin level only at 1 h after administration .
quercetin was the most effective one among these three flavonoids .
aim to investigate the relationship between myocardium chymase-like activity and cardiac hypertrophy .
change of chymase-like activity may be associated with the formation of cardiac hypertrophy .
aim to study the antiinflammatory and immunomodulatory effects of actarit ( acta ) .
treatment of neutrophils with n-fomyl-met-leu-phe ( fmlp ) , resulted in a marked increase of cd11b expression .
dan inhibited the effects of fmlpin a concentration-dependent manner .
dan did not inhibit the increase of p-selectin expression of thrombin actived human blood platelets .
aim to investigate the hypoglycemic effect of buccally delivered insulin solution ( ins-sol ) in normal rats .
ins-sol ( 5 .kg-1 ) containing 5 % brij 78 had the highest pa of 33 % .
the use of proper absorption enhancers is useful for improving the buccal absorption of insulin .
the inos mrna expression , which has been found to exist in spinal cord , were increased and de-creased during morphine dependence and withdrawal respectively .
moreover , nnos mrna levels were down-regulated by intrathecal nnos a-olig , meanwhile , the inos mrna levels in spinal cord were increased .
aim to observe the antiproliferative action of heparin on breast cancer cell-mcf-7 .
human breast cancer cells mcf-7 and mda-mb-231 were cultured and cell number was counted .
heparin ( 40 mg . l-1 ) inhibited obviously the growth of mcf-7 , this inhibition was under influence of serum .
heparin can inhibit the proliferation of cultured mcf-7 in the presence of serum .
aim to study the pharmacokinetics of sj-spm .
blood , urine and bile concentrations were tested with agar diffusion method .
pharmacokinetic parameters were calculated by 3p87 program in computer .
tmax 1.43 ~ 2.44 h ; cmax 1.02 ~ 2.94 g.ml-1 ; t1 / 2 0.48 ~ 1.81 h ; t1 / 2 8.40 ~ 10.52 h ;
the mrt of sj-spm , aspm in rat and dog did not change significantly with an increase in oral dosage .
cmax 0.87 ~ 3.34 g.ml-1 ;
tmax 1.49 ~ 2.26 h ; t1 / 2 0.59 ~ 1.17 h ;
t1 / 2 7.42 ~ 12.04 h ; mrt 7.56 h ;
auc 7.65 , 17.44 , 26.25 g.ml-1.h-1 respectively .
following oral doses of 120,80,40 mg.kg-1 sj-spm in rat , tmax 1.57 ~ 2.45 h ; cmax 0.39 ~ 3.14 g.ml-1 ;
t1 / 2 15.63 ~ 20.64 h ; mrt 13.0 h ; auc 8.44,16.54,37.58 g.ml-1.h-1 .
rats were divided into control , ischemia/ reperfusion , classic ipc and nepc groups .
after 20 min reperfusion , several indexes including cardiac function indexes , mda were tested , the myocardial ultrastr-ucture and the injury reaction of catalase observed .
both ipc and nepc could protect myocardial ultra-structure , ameliorate left heart function , decrease cardiac mda content and protect the activity of catalase .
phaclofen , but not bicucullion baclofen , counteracted the inhibition of gaba overflow , although the inhibition of asp and glu overflow was not attenuated .
the purpose of this research is to determine whether the mdr characterization persisted in kbv200 cells in vivo .
kbv200 cells were grown as subcutaneous xenografts in athymic nude mice .
the comparisons of the possibility of resistant difference between kbv200 ( kbv200 . mdr ) and nude mice xenografts ( kbv200/nude . mdr ) were investigated .
the expressions of pgp in kbv200 ( mdr ) ware similar to those in kbv200 /nude ( mdr ) .
aim to establish the expermental model in vitro for the study of mechanism of antitumor-drug resistance and the screening of antitumor drug .
the up-regulation of vegf mrna induced by bfgf ( 10 g/l ) was detected as short as 3-h treatment .
subsequently the structural model was merged into the complex with hiv-1 gp120 and cd4 .
the interaction model should be helpful for rational design of novel anti-hiv drugs .
aim : to study the effect of caffeine on apoptosis induced by inhibition of 1-phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase in cerebellar granule neurons .
ly294002 evoked apoptosis concentration-dependently in cerebellar granule neurons . but death resulting from ly294002 was prevented by caffeine in a concentration-dependent manner .
caffeine inhibited the activation of jnk and decreased the phosphorylation of c-jun to protect granule neurons from ly294002-induced apoptosis .
aim : to investigate the effect of high glucose on hydroperoxide ( h2o2 ) -induced apoptosis in cultured bovine aortic endothelial cells ( baec ) .
h2o2 elicited typical apoptotic morphologic changes ( chromatic condensation , nucleus fragmentation ) . at 100-300 mol .
high glucose enhances h2o2-induced apoptosis in baec , which is related to high expression of phospho-p38 ccdpk .
prep8/ 1a-ar , prep4/ 1b-ar , and prep9/ 1d-ar were transfected , respectively , into hek293 cells by calcium phosphate precipitation .
three clonal hek293 cell lines stably expressing 1a- or 1b- or 1d-ar were chosen and characterized by radioligand binding assay with receptor densities of about 0.6 nmol.g-1 .
preincubation with prazosin completely abolished ne-induced ccdpk activation in hek293/ 1a- and 1b-ar cells .
those changes were not found in hek293/ 1d-ar cells . conclusion : the activation of 1a- or 1b-ar but not 1d-ar induces cell proliferation .
aim : to determine the memory-improving properties of huperzine a in aged rats with memory impairments naturally occurring or induced by scopolamine .
morris water maze was used to investigate the effects of huperzine a on the acquisition and memory impairments .
in the acute experiment , scopolamine ( 0.1 mg / kg , ip ) significantly impaired spatial memory in the trained aged rats .
huperzine a ( 0.4 mg / kg , sc ) significantly reversed the memory deficits induced by scopolamine .
huperzine a ameliorates the impaired memory naturally occurring or induced by scopolamine in aged rats .
aim : to study the effect of batroxobin ( bat ) on dog heart ischemia / reperfusion ( i/r ) injury .
myocytes of i/r heart showed intracellular edema , damaged mitochondria , and concentrated nucleus . bat decreased these changes .
the myocardial mda contents were decreased by 42.3 % and 38.1 % ( p < 0.01 ) in bat-i and bat-ii group , respectively .
bat may exert an apparent role against dog heart ischemia / reperfusion injury and improve myocardial function .
3- [ 4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl ] -2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide and lactate dehydrogenase assay were used to measure the viability of pc12 cells .
thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances were measured to determine lipid peroxidation of cells .
bilobalide protected pc12 cells from a 25-35-induced cytotoxicity .
the quantitative structure-activity relationship ( qsar ) analysis through multiple regression was obtained by spss .
l-1 , respectively ] than that of isis3521 [ ( 81 25 ) nmol . l-1 ] .
in the multiple regression , r was 0.68 , p = 0.0193 .
computer aided design was helpful to obtain s-odn with better in vitro effect than current positive drug .
the degree of instability of secondary structural elements and g 37 were important factors for drug activity .
other important factors needed for further investigation .
cognitive functions and locomotor activities were determined using two sessions of step-through and open-field tests , respectively .
compared with the avoidance-memory deficit , the avoidance-learning deficit caused by belladonna alkaloids is more preferentially attenuated by tacrine .
immunohistochemistry method was used to detect gdnf and vegf protein expression in cells treated with bilobalide 50 mol .
l-1 for 24 h. results : gdnf and vegf mrna increased markedly after astrocytes were treated with bilobalide 50 mol . l-1 for 12 h.
gdnf and vegf protein were detected in the cytoplasm of astrocytes after the cells were treated with bilobalide 50 mol .
l-1 for 24 h. conclution : bilobalide induced gdnf and vegf expression in the cultured astrocytes .
the primary cultured hippocampal neurons were prepared and the viability of hippocampal neurons was determined by mtt assays .
inward ca2 + currents of vdcc on the membrane of the hippocampal neurons were measured with the whole-cell patch-clamp technique .
l-1 , 20 times larger than the former .
cor markedly facilitated ca2 + influx into the hippocampal neurons , which may be one of the important mechanisms underlying the neurotoxicity of cor to hippocampus .
the neurons survival were assessed by histology , and behavioral tests of gerbils were assessed by open field test .
bat possesses the inhibitory effects on dnd and oh . production following cerebral ischemia-reperfusion in gerbils .
measurement of edr of the isolated rabbit thoracic aortic rings .
the relaxation in response to sodium nitroprusside was not different between rings exposed to normal or elevated glucose .
pdbu caused no decrease in ang ii- and 10 % fcs-stimulated ccdpk activity and dna synthesis .
meanwhile 70 % and 72 % ccdpk activities induced by ang ii and egf were inhibited by pd 98059 , respectively .
pkc- mediated ang ii-induced activation of ccdpk and cardiac fibroblast proliferation .
aim : to determine whether trichobitacin , a novel ribosome-inactivating protein purified from the root tubers of trichosanthes kirilowii , possesses the anti-hiv activity .
trichobitacin is a novel ribosome-inactivating protein with anti-hiv-1 activity .
aim : to set up a new method to analyze multidrug interaction in combined drug therapy .
the different types of experimental data were analyzed by the new model .
this reflection method could deal with data in combined drug therapy , unnecessary to distinguish between independent and similar action , or exclusive and non-exclusive case among drugs .
to large animal or human experiment , the points of dose-effect of each drug used alone could be reduced to even 1 point .
the results of analysis took the criterion of a special field and laboratory error into account in this method .
the reflection method is an effective method for analysis of multidrug interaction in combined drug therapy .
calcineurin ( cn ) activity was measured with molybdate dye colorimetry .
kan competitively suppressed the proliferation induced by tpa and im , and cyc mainly suppressed impart of the proliferation induced by tpa and im .
no change was found when the cells were treated with sense or missense odn .
when the cells were treated with antisense vegf odn 25 mol . l-1 , vegf protein level decreased greatly both in the cells and the media .
antisense vegf odn inhibited vegf expression specifically in a172 cells in vitro and thus the results provided the basis for the further studies in vivo .
aim : to characterize the properties of chloride currents and its modulation in human umbilical vein endothelial cells ( huvec ) .
using whole-cell patch-clamp recording techniques .
exposure of huvec to 13.5 % and 27 % hypotonic solution ( hts ) induced a current icl , vol .
this current was correlated with the changes in cell volume and showed a modest outward rectification .
serum estradiol ( e2 ) content and bone 1-carboxyglutamic acid-containing protein ( bgp ) content were measured by radioimmunoassay .
xw630 enhanced bone activation frequency and increased trabecular connectivity , stability , and strength .
xw630 stimulated bone formation and inhibited bone resorption with no effect on reproductive system .
in paw test , quetiapine fumarate was much less effective in increasing the forelimb retraction time ( frt ) than the hindlimb retraction time ( hrt ) .
the effects of quetiapine fumarate in these models indicated its clinical effect on schizophrenia with a reduced liability to produce epse .
aim : to investigate the effect of melittin ( mel ) on isolated guinea pig atria .
the effect of melon the contraction and heart rate of isolated guinea pig atria at different concentrations was determined .
but at a higher concentration ( 1.6-12.8 mol . l-1 ) it exerted an inhibitory effect .
at 0.1-30 mol . l-1 it was found to increase heart rate of right atria .
in addition , verapamil ( ver ) 0.3 mol . l-1 was found to depress the effect of mel .
aim : to study the biological function of ceramide signaling in bel7402 cells . methods : inhibition of cell growth was assayed using mtt method .
subg1 peaks were detected on flow cytometry ( fcm ) .
the levels of protein bcl-2 were decreased also .
p44- and p42-ccdpk protein expression and phosphorylation were measured by western blot .
aim : the fine structural changes of plasmodium berghei anka strain after treatment with the dihydroartemisinin ( datm ) were observed .
in p. berghei anka strain , 1 h after drug administration , the parasites food vacuole membranes were destroyed , and the pigment grains showed some changes .
the nucleus membrane , cytomembrane , and food vacuole membranes were stratified 2 h after administration .
at the same time , swelling and separation of the outer and inner membrane or shrinking of the mitochondria were seen .
stripped nuclear and cytoplasm membrane were developed and vacuolizations were seen 4 h later .
datm was a fast-acting and effective antimalarial drug . its primary target is the membrane system .
no obvious resistant characteristics were found upto 24 generations after resistant induction test for 4 months .
aim : to study the antidiabetic effect of oenanthe javanica flavone ( ojf ) .
mice were injected iv with alloxan 90 mg.kg-1 to induce diabetes .
blood glucose , serum lipid , and pancreatic amylase were determined with automatic biochemistry analysor .
serum insulin was determined by radioimmunoassay .
the pancreas and islets were examined under microscope .
ojf 200 mg.kg-1 reduced the blood glucose in normal mice from 0.5 to 6 h after a single administration ig .
ojf promoted the release of insulin both in normal and in diabetic mice .
ojf decreased serum triglyceride and raised the lowered pancreatic amylases in diabetic mice ( p < 0.01 , p < 0.01 ) .
the islet-injured changes of ojf-treated group were similar to those of control in histology examination , but to a lesser degree .
aim : to study the morphological changes and molecular mechanism of hela cell apoptosis induced by ricin .
aim : to study protective effects of panax notoginseng saponins ( pns ) against cisplatin-nephrotoxicity .
cisplatin-induced nephrotoxicity in mice in vivo , and primary culture of rabbit proximal tubular cells ( ptc ) in vitro were established .
aim : to study the effects of 2- [ 3-estrone-n-ethyl-piperazine-methyl ] tetracycline ( xw630 ) in human osteoblast-like cell line te85 .
after treatment with xw630 for 12-48 h , inos activity and cgmp concentration increased in time-dependent manners .
xw630 stimulated cell proliferation , enhanced inos activity and cgmp content in human osteoblast-like cell line te85 .
aim : to search and purify a naturally occurring protein inhibitor of the furin-like enzyme from the porcine kidney .
recombinant kexin , a furin-like enzyme , from the yeast secretion expression was used as a target enzyme .
the inhibitor component was extracted and purified from the acetone powder of porcine kidney .
the inhibitory activity was monitored using a fluorogenic peptide substrate boc-arg-val-arg-arg-mca at spectrofluorimeter .
the purified inhibitor component is a basic protein with an isoelectric point over 9.5 .
this nonhistone protein could strongly compete with the fluorogenic substrate .
the nonhistone protein isolated from the porcine kidney functioned as a suicide substrate inhibitor for the furin-like enzyme .
blood glucose concentration was measured with the glucose oxidase method .
l-1 at 200 min after administration of insulin from control level of 7.0 2.3 g. l-1 , but the hypoglycemic action of exogenous insulin was abolished by urethane .
increased serum agep levels in the circulation of patients with esrd were reduced effectively by hemodialysis .
aim : to study the effect of forskolin on the nicotinic receptor ( nicr ) of pc12 cells .
the acetylcholine ( ach ) -induced current ( iach ) was measured on pc12 cells by whole-cell clamp technique .
the iach could be blocked by d-tubocurarine chloride and atropine had no effect on iach .
infusion of forskolin ( 1-50 mol . l-1 ) caused an inhibition on iach , which was reversible , concentration-dependent , and voltage-independent .
infusion of 1,9-dideoxyforskolin , an analog of forskolin which did not activate adenyl cyclase , also caused an inhibition on iach .
life-threatening arrhythmia remains a problem contributing to major death in cardiovascular diseases .
hypertrophied ventricle and exaggerated cardiac arrhythmia can be produced on chronic medication with levothyroxin and this model shares some properties of vs.
there is a significant difference in the pattern of disordered ion channels between the congenital long qt syndrome ( lqts ) and the acquired heart disease .
the affected ion channel in congenital lqts is single .
the disordered ion channel is the consequence of the vs lesion influencing the lipid membrane in a diseased heart .
the vs and multiple ion channel disorder are provided as new targets to treat cardiac arrhythmias in a diseased heart .
aim : to develop a sensitive method for the analysis of idebenone [ ide , 6- ( 10-hydroxydecyl ) -2,3-dimethoxy-5-methyl-p-benzoquinone ] in human plasma .
the calibration range was 20-600 g. l-1 .
the advantages of using lc / ms-apci technique include better sensitivity , higher selectivity , and less time consumption , compared with hplc method .
aim : to determine whether different mechanisms mediate vasorelaxation of swine coronary and femoral arteries induced by adrenoceptor stimulation .
1 adrenoceptor antagonization did not change the tension of femoral artery , but abolished the iso induced vasorelaxation of coronary artery .
a 17-mer sense and a random sequence ccdpk odn were used as controls .
ccdpk protein p44 and p42 levels were measured by western blot . dna synthesis was measured by [ 3 h ] thymidine incorporation .
in in vivo study , rat balloon angioplasty was performed by a 2f fogarty catheter .
the antisense ccdpk odn 200 g was administered to the adventitial surface of the injured carotid artery by pluronic gel 30 % ( w/v ) solution .
fluorecein isothiocynate ( fitc ) -labeled and phosphorothioate-protected odn was used to detect the uptake of odn in vitro and in vivo .
antisense irak-2 odn was delivered by lipofectin encapsulation into human embryonic kidney 293 cells ( hek 293 cells ) .
the levels of nf- b were assayed by sandwich elisa .
( 1 ) treatment of hek 293 cells with il-1 enhanced nf- b level in nuclei by 518.5 % 2.1 % .
antisense pi 3-kinase oligonucleotide ( odn ) was delivered by lipofectin encapsulation into cultured human hepatocellular carcinoma hepg2 cells .
pi 3-kinase is necessary for il-18-stimulated nf- b activation .
aim : to investigate the effects of high glucose on the expression of nitric-oxide synthase ( nos ) in cultured bovine aortic endothelial cells ( baec ) .
the expression of inducible nos ( inos ) and constitutive nos ( ecnos ) was determined by western blot .
at a concentration range from 0.5 to 2 mg . l-1 , lps stimulated no production in ng-baec in a concentration-dependent manner .
inhibition of baec no production by hg was mainly due to a decreased expression of nos protein .
aim : to assess the atypical neuroleptic properties of a novel antipsychotic agent , olanzapine ( ola ) .
ola selectively increased the firing rate of da cells in the vta , but failed to affect that of snc da cells .
2 ) dose-response separation between the block of conditioned avoidance response and catalepsy induction ;
and 3 ) the specificity of action sites of firing rates upon acute drug challenge .
aim : to raise monoclonal antibody against human m3 receptor .
antibody was purified by a combination of two-step precipitation methods and ion-exchange chromatography .
the specificity of monoclonal antibody was tested by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay , immunohistochemistry , and radioligand binding assay of receptors .
the monoclonal antibody specifically bound to the protein of rat salivary gland and m3 peptide , but not m4 peptide .
immunohistochemical study showed that the human salivary cell surface was strongly stained , whereas the human heart cell surface was not .
highly purified ( 96.3 % ) monoclonal antibody against the m3 receptor peptide recognized the m3 receptor .
aim : to study the molecular mechanism of platelet-derived growth factor ( pdgf ) -bb-stimulated vascular smooth muscle cell ( vsmc ) proliferation .
me-thods : dna synthesis was measured by [ 3h ] thymidine incorporation .
phosphorylation of the 42- and 44-kda ca2 + -calmodulin dependent protein kinase ( ccdpk ) was measured by western blotting method .
aim : to evaluate the protective effect of anti-digoxin antiserum on hypoxia-reoxygenation induced injured myocardium and its mechanism .
the level of endoxin was remarkably higher , atpase activities in cell membrane were remarkably lower in hypoxic group and hypoxia-reoxygenation injury group than those of normal group ;
aim : to examine the effects of ascorbic acid ( aa ) and dl- -tocopherol ( t ) on the proliferation and redifferentiation of human hepatoma cell .
choosing an all-trans retinoic acid ( ra ) as a positive control , cell surface charge , biochemical changes , and cell growth in soft agar were measured .
after treatment with aa 4 mmol .
l-1 and t 1 mmol .
l-1 together , the growth curve and mitotic index of human hepatoma cells decreased remarkably , the cellular growth inhibitory rate amounted to 61.3 % .
the indices related to cell malignancy alleviated significantly ; cell surface charge decreased , the electrophoresis rate dropped from 1.64 to 0.89 m.s-1 .
aa and t combination inhibited human hepatoma cell proliferation , induced redifferentiation , and reversed its malignant phenotypic characteristics .
aim : to study the effect of scutellarein ( scu ) on the diabetic rat aorta .
0.01 ) in diabetic rats . 3 ) the dietary supplement of 0.5 % scu starting from 1-wk diabetes induction prevented endothelial dysfunction ( p <
aim : to study the effects of piperine ( pip ) on several experimental gastric ulcers in rats and mice .
the gastric mucosa damage was induced by stress , indometacin , hcl , and pyloric ligation in rats or mice .
the inhibitory rates were 16.9 % , 36.0 % , and 48.3 % in stress ulcers ;
4.8 % , 11.9 % , and 26.2 % in pyloric ligation ulcers , respectively ;
pip inhibited the volume of gastric juice , gastric acidity , and pepsin a activity .
pip has the protective effects against gastric ulceration .
aim : to study the effects of fructose-1,6-diphosphate ( fdp ) on delayed cerebral injury in mice from subacute carbon monoxide ( co ) exposure .
mice were exposed to co ( 100 ml / kg ip ) once a day , continously for 7 d.
fdp was administrated 30 min before co-exposure every time .
aim : to study the mechanism of differentiation-inducing action of 10-hydroxycamptothecin ( hcpt ) on human hepatoma hep g2 cells .
the proliferating cell nuclear antigen ( pcna ) expression was studied by immunocytochemical staining method .
the cell cycle distribution and the wild-type protein p53 expression were measured by flow cytometry .
telomerase activity was assayed with telomeric repeat amplification protocol ( trap ) .
2-thiazolylethylamine , but not 4-methylhistamine showed the similar effect to histamine .
these results suggest that brain histamine plays an important role in learning and memory , and its action may be due to cholinergic neurons .
ketamine may protect neurons against ischemic insult by inhibiting global cerebral ischemia-evoked increase of glutamate , glycine , and aspartate .
aim : to observe the effects of mci-154 , a calcium sensitizer , on cardiac function after endotoxic shock .
during this process , the parameters of cardiac function were measured .
the parameters of mc were improved nearly to the same values as in sham shock group and were markedly higher than inns treated group .
mci-154 exerts remarkable therapeutic effects on cardiac dysfunction after endotoxic shock .
aim : to investigate the effect of mci-154 on calcium sensitivity of myocardial contractile system in endotoxemic rats .
milrinone 50 mol / l could not counteract the above abnormalities .
furthermore , such effects of mci-154 were concentration-dependent .
changes in isometric force were measured by grass force transducer and effects on cell proliferation were evaluated using [ 3h ] thymidine incorporation assay .
the purified epicatechin derivatives from jasmine green tea relaxed the isolated rat arteries preconslricted by phenylephrine and inhibited aortic smooth muscle cell proliferation .
apoptotic cells were measured by morphological criteria , as well as by tunel assay and flow cytometry .
' results : cells overexressing bak showed extensive cell death with nucleus fragmentation detected by tunel assay .
bak significantly decreased the clonogenic survival following exposure to adriamycin , but not vinorelbine .
bak may prolong cell cycle in g1 phase , leading to apoptosis and decrease clonogenic survival of hcc-9204 cells in a drug-specific manner .
the mrna expression of ikb were upregulated by triptolide , while this effect was more potent in cells without pma / pha treatment .
the ar was assesed bymeans of phase-contrast microscopy ( expressed as percent of ar ) 15 min after different reagents were added .
the dithiolane analogs inhibited the production of no , decreased inos mrna expression and antagonized paf-receptor binding .
l659,989 had no effect on no production and inos mrna expression .
among the compounds tested , there was no simple correlation between their paf-receptor antagonistic and inos inhibitory activities .
eight-arm radial maze performance was used to measure spatial memory in rats , and the brain regions were subsequently dissected and histamine contents were determined by hplc .
intracerebroventricular ( icy ) injection of clobenpropit ( 50 g ) ameliorated memory impairment induced by scopolamine in both parameters of radial maze performance .
-fluoromethylhistidine ( 10 , 20 g ) , a histidine decarboxylase inhibitor , also effectively reversed clobenpropit-induced meliorating effects .
the brain histamine h3-receptor antagonists are highly related to the spatial memory , and this action may be due to cholinergic neurons .
aim : to identify synaptic relationship between aminobutyric acid ( gaba ) -containing terminals and substance p receptor-positive neurons in the superficial dorsal horn of rat spinal cord .
a combination of preembedding immunoperoxidase staining for substance preceptor with postembedding immunogold staining for gaba was employed .
' results : intense substance p receptor-expressing neurons were concentrated in medial half of the lamina i and the outer lamina ii of the spinal cord .
the double-labeling studies revealed that substance p receptor-expressing dendrites received symmetric synaptic contacts from axonal terminals labeled with immunogold particles indicating gaba .
gaba also co-localized with substance p receptors in the dendrites .
chronic inflammation was induced by consecutive intraperitioneal injections of bacterial lipopolysaccharides ( lps ) in aged rats .
the semiquantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction ( rt-pcr ) was used for determination of il- 1 and il-6 mrna in hippocampal neurons of aged rats .
no marked expression of il-1 and il-6 mrna was found in hippocampal neurons of young rats ( 3 months ) .
' conclusion : the levels of il-1 and il-6 mrna in hippocampal neurons increased with aging .
grs exerted inhibitory effects on il-1 and il-6gene expression in chronic inflammation model of aged rats .
tg-pulsed dc were able to induce eat with increase in the concentration of tgab in serum and lymphocytes infiltration in thyroid .
tii and il-10 are able to strongly inhibit the ability of dc to induce experimental autoimmune thyroiditis .
aim : to study the potential of the psychological dependence of tramadol .
after they acquired the discrimination , different doses of tramadol were used to substitute for training dose of morphine and ma .
naltrexone was injected concomitantly with tramadol .
tramadol fully substituted morphine at a dose of 32 mg / kg or higher .
naltrexone antagnized the discriminative respondse of tramadol .
tramadol can substitute for morphine in morphine discriminatve rats .
the discriminative stimulus effects of tramadol are mediated by a mu opioid mechanism .
lymphocyte -ar density was lower and [ ca2 + ] i in platelets was significantly higher in chf patients than those in control .
plasma ne levels were higher in chf patients than those in control .
diltiazem therapy reduced [ ca2 + ] i in platelets and increased lymphocyte -ar density in chf patients without significant change of plasma ne concentration .
aim : to study the effects of agmatine on spontaneous activity of atrioventricular ( av ) node and its action mechanisms .
action potentials in av node cells were recorded using intracellular microelectrode technique .
elevation of ca2 + concentration ( 5 mmol / l ) in perfusate antagonized the effects of agmatine ( 10 mmol / l ) .
lemakalim ( 30tnol / l ) , an atp-sensitive potassium channel opener , inhibited the prolonging effects of agmatine on repolarization .
but after 12-h treatment , no difference was observed between the treated and untreated cells .
mibx delays apoptosis of vascular endothelial cells induced by deprivation of afgf and serun .
the in vivo inhibitory effect of -ano on angiogenesis was determined by microvascular density ( mvd ) in tumors and the chicken chorioallantoic membrane ( cam ) model .
moreover , -ano significantly reduced the level of no released by huvec in a dose-and time-dependent manner .
aim : to study the effect of nociceptin ( orphanin fq ) , a newly discovered heptadecapeptide , on cholinergic constrictions in isolated trachea and bronchus of rat .
the electric field stimulation ( efs ) induced a monophasic constriction , which was due to an activation of the cholinergic nerves .
nociceptin inhibits efs-induced cholinergic constriction , which is not affected by naloxone in rat airways .
rat brain mitochondrial fraction , prepared by differential centrifugation , was utilized as a source of mao activity .
aim : to make programs for population pharmacokinetic analysis and to assess the ability of this method in pharmacokinetic parameter estimation and in the prediction of seum concentrations .
the stability of our self-made program was good .
aim : to detect delayed afterdepolarizations ( dad ) in extracellular electrograms using signal averaging technique .
intracellular voltage was recorded with a conventional microelectrode , and simultaneous extracellular electrograms were recorded differentially from widely spaced electrodes placed in the tissue bath .
noise of electrograms was reduced using signal averaging technique .
acetylstrophanthidin and resibufogenin both induced dad in the intracellular recording and extracellular dad ( dad-e ) in the extracellular electrogram in sheep heart purkinje fibers .
dad can be detected using the extracellular electrograms combined with the high resolution , signal averaging technique .
the patch-clamp technique in the whole-cell configuration was used .
morphologic changes and quantification of apoptotic cells were determined under fluorescence microscope after a 24-h treatment of baec by h2o2 .
h2o2 elicited typical apoptotic morphologic changes ( chromatic condensation , nucleus fragmentation ) and dna fragmentation .
aim : to investigate the expression of blood group h antigen on the surface of several human tumor cell lines such as bel-7404 , spc-a-1 , and sgc-7901 .
in vitro and in vivo expression of the blood group h antigen was analyzed with flow cytometry and immunohistochemistry .
expression of fut2 gene was determined by rt-pcr , southern blot , and restriction digestion .
fut2 gene expression resulted in the production of these antigens on the cell membrane .
aim : to test the hypothesis that sympathectomy could induce novel purinergic sensitivity in sciatic afferents .
adenosine 5 ' -triphosphate ( atp ) was injected via a cannula in jugular vein .
however , none of the fibers from the sciatic nerves in the intact rats was activated by atp .
sympathectomy induces novel purinergic sensitivity in a afferents from sciatic nerve .
human adenoviral vectors were used to mediate the expression of antisense rna .
the expression levels of h blood group antigens and gal epitopes were analyzed by flow cytometry using fitc-ueai and fitc-gs-ib4 lectins , respectively .
the results showed about 30 % reduction in the expression level of gal epitopes on the surface of nih3t3 cells .
recombinant adenoviruses , ad5anti-sgt600 and ad5anti-sgtll00 , are effective to down-regulate the gal epitope expression .
the effects of ida on pain threshold and morphine analgesia were observed in mouse acetic acid writhing test and 55c hot plate test .
the effect of ida on morphine tolerance and physical dependence were observed in mouse tolerant model and in mice and rat models .
ida promoted the development of tolerance to morphine in mice and induced the abstinence syndrome in morphine-dependent mice and rots similar to naloxone .
aim : to investigate the mechanism of tricyclopinate , an antagonist of nicotinic receptor , on neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptors ( nachr ) .
tricyclopinate inhibited the nicotine-induced currents competitively and the inhibition was voltage-independent . the decay of the nicotine-induced currem was accelerated significantly in the presence of tricyclopinate .
tricyclopinate inhibits neuronal nachr by interacting with the allosteric sites rather than the open ionic channels or acetylcholine recognition site of the receptor .
aim : to establish a high-throughput method for inhibitor screening using a recombinant collagenase catalytic domain .
the most potent compound showed an ic50 at 4.3 mol / l , and there were total 15 compounds with ic50 less than 20 mol/l .
the high-throughput method using the recombinant collagenase is fast , effective and practical in identifying inhibitors .
this method is rapid , sensitive , and simple for studying the metabolism of flu and n-flu .
aim : to study chemical characterization and immunological activities of an acidic polysaccharide , chc-l , isolated and purified from the seeds of cuscuta chinensis lam .
the molecular weight of chc-1 was estimated to be more than 1.0 106 .
methylation analysis and 1h , 13c nmr further identified the linkages of the residues of chc-1 .
chc-1 is a highly branched heteropolysaccharide and possessed immune enhancement activities .
aim : to study the antioxidant activity of qizhu tang ( qzt ) both in vivo and in vitro .
qzt formula is a good natural antioxidant having an effective preventive effect against cerebral ischemia repeffusion damgge .
aim : to study the protective effects of ginkgo biloba extract ( gbe ) on gastric mucosa .
the gastric juice was collected using pyloric ligation , and the volume and acidity of juice , and activity of pepsin were determined .
the content of malondialdehyde ( mda ) was measured by thiobarbituric acid ( tba ) method .
the index of gastric mucosal injury after rcs in groups pretreated with gbe was 58 % , 43 % , and 31 % of control group respectively .
gbe had protective effects on gastric mucosa and gbe plus cim possessed the synergism in the treatment of acute gastric mucosal lesions .
one-trial passive avoidance task was used to investigate the effects of huperzine a. the avoidance rate was used to evaluate memory retention .
aim : to compare the effects of water-soluble polysaccharides , fi0-b , and its formic acid-modified derivative , fi0-b-h , on production of human proinflammatory cytokines .
production of cytokines ( il-l and tnf ) was transcriptionally or post-transcriptionally regulated by fio-b and fi0-b-h .
the herbal polysaccharides were modified by chlorosulfomic acid in dimethyl sulfoxide ( me2so ) .
the water-soluble polysaccharides of ganoderma tsugae mycelium have bidirectional immunomodulatory effects on cytokine production in different cell stimulatory conditions .
chemical modification of this polysaccharide changed the intensity of regulatory effect on cytokine production .
the injury of the dna and rna in the areas of ischemia-reper-fusion model was decreased by gp .
elisa was used to detect tnf , il-l , il-6 , and il-10 protein expression .
nitrite was measured by griess reaction .
t4 had no effect on stability of lps-induced mrna expression in tnf , il-6 , and il-10 .
t4 had inhibitory effects on the expression of proinflammatory and antiinflammatory mediators .
a hplc method was established to determine the plasma concentration of isoniazid and pyrazinamide .
a hplc method was designed for the simultaneous determination of four metabolites of phenoprolamine hydrochloride ( ddph ) in rat bile .
after hydrolysis by hydrochloric acid the rat bile was purified and enriched by the alltech c18 solid phase extraction column , and then determined by hplc .
the designed hplc method was applied to determine the pharmacokinetics of four ddph metabolites in rat bile .
the results show that cpu 86017 has blocking effects on iks in guinea pig ventricular myocytes .
the protection effects of the serum containing naolizhibao ( nlzb ) on ischemia-liked injury in cultured pc12 cells by nacn in combination with glucose deprivation were observed .
but for the serum concentration higher than 5 % , e.g. 20 % serum , the effect not only declined but also interfere the model formation .
then we used whole-cell patch-clamp recording technique to observe ica . l , ica . l density .
serine hydromethyltransferase ( shmt ) expressed by genetic-engineered bacteria can synthesize l-serine from hcho and glycine .
furthermore , the combination can improve the stability of fdp alone .
to determine allelic association of the taqi polymorphisms for the manganese superoxide dismutase ( mnsod ; sod2 ) gene with schizophrenia in indian .
but schizophrenic patients showed excess b2b2 homozygotic genotype as compared with normal control subjects .
the yield of iii was raised and the impurities were eliminated by using anhydrous tetrahydrofuran as solvent instead of dmf .
thermogravimetry was used to study the non-isothermal decomposition kinetics and the difference of stability between cefalexin and its excipients .
the product of thermal decomposition at the second stage was characterized by infrared spectrometry .
and its excipients have higher activation energy .
the results indicate that the amount of catalyst affected the molecular weight of pla which varied from 21000 to 69000 .
the release rates and diameters of the microsphere were found to be dependent on the molecular weight of pla .
to investigate the methods for recombination of capital that suit the sound development of the pharmaceutical enterprises of our country .
the economic environment at home and abroad , situations and new trends in combination of capital in pharmaceutical enterprise of our country were analyzed .
to establish the quality control method for chang bi qing enteric-coated granules .
the granularity , water content and release rate met the requirements .
the spots were clear and separated completely in the tlc methods .
the average recovery of the determining method was 97.40 % with a rsd of 1.06 % and its repeatability was good ( standard derivations < 1.6 % ) .
aim : to study the anti-allergic effects of heparin .
the inhibiting effect of heparin on the oa induced contraction of smooth muscle of isolated ileum of sensitized guinea pig was observed .
heparin has anti-allergic effects in animal experiment .
to explore the post-antibiotic effects ( pae ) of trimethoprim ( tmp ) combined with aminoglycosides .
tmp combined with aminoglycosides has significant paes , thus , this combination therapy is rational .
aim : to study the effects of nuo di kang on myocardial ischemia and blood-lipid and lipoprotein in rats .
to study the synergistic mechanism of shuanghuanglian injection ( shl ) in combination with cefazolin ( cf ) .
the mics of shl and cf in combined use were 6.7 times and twice lower than those in separate use , respectively .
the damaging activity to bacterial cell wall can be enhanced in combined use of two drugs .
to evaluate three chemotherapeutic programs for pulmonary carcinoma with cost-effectiveness analysis for guiding rational use of drugs .
using pharmacoeconomic cost-effectiveness analysis .
doac program nat only had good quality of patients ' life but also had less adveres reactions .
the doac program is most rational one of three anticancer chemotherapeutic programs for pulmonary carcinoma .
in recent 5 years , the increase of sum of money of consumption for hypoglycemic drugs obviously exceeded that for total drugs ( 4.33 : 1.54 ) .
oral hypoglycemic drug is a kind of common drugs which has developmental future in china .
aim : to give some information for rationally administrating oral valproic acid to epileptic patients in clinic .
the serum concentrations of valproic acid of 123 epileptic patients were determined by fluorescence polarization immunoassay . the results and the therapeutic effect were studied .
14 patients with effective serum drug concentration did not have their epilepsy controlled , accounting for 11.4 % of total patients observed ;
while 11 patients whose serum drug concentration was below effective level , have their epilepsy controlled , accounting for 8.9 % .
to study the new factor for marketing competition of pharmaceutical enterprises-csi .
analysis was based on the domestic and foreign documents , and combined with the actual situations of pharmaceutical enterprises in china .
to compare the pharmacokinetics and bioavailability of roxithromycin ( rox ) between capsule and tablet .
to evaluate the clinical therapeutic effect and safety of alendronate for postmenopause women with osteoporosis .
alendronate were administrated to 32 postmenopause women with osteoporosis , 10mg once a dey for half a year .
after half a year , the mean bone mineral density ( bmd ) obviously increased in all three groups , with positive relation to age .
alendronate is a safe effective therapeutic agent for postmenopause osteoporosis and bone pain . it can decrease the incidence of bone fracture prophylacticly .
to study the relationship between blood type , sex , age and the rate of adrs in renal disease patients .
the rate of adrs of women was 19 % , which was higher than that of men ( 14 % ) ;
there were significent differences between different age groups ;
to compare the qualities of decoctions of traditional chinese medicine prepared by gng traditional chinese medicine extracting machine , fire heating decocting method or steam decocting method .
to compare the qualities of three methods , taking the total solid contents and micro-organism limitation as indices .
aim : to probe into the future development of vitamin e in china .
to describe the latest development in the production and application of vitamin e. to analyse the market situation .
a few suggestions on future development of vitamin e in china wereforward .
we consider that the production of vitamin e in china has good conditions and ought to devote major efforts to developing production in the future .
to make propaganda of the essential drug concept and promote its further popularization .
to analyse and introduce the origin , development , influence and popularized status of essential drugs concept .
result & conclusion : essential drugs concept plays an important role over the world , but further popularization is still needed .
to promote the new drug research in china .
this article reviews the advances in drug discovery and development in the world from 1989 to 1998 .
to study the antidiarrheal and anti-inflammatory effects of rhizoma atractyloidis .
experiments were carried out in conventional mouse models of inflammation and diarrhea .
rhizoma atractyloidis has antidiarrheal and anti-inflammatory effects and the anti-inflammation effect contributes to the mechanism of antidiarrhea .
to study the pharmacological effect of tongmaile capsule .
preparing different animal models :
using pure egg white and dimethyl benzene as causing-inflammation substance and 0.6 % acetic acid as alogogenic substance ,
by subcutaneous injection of a large dose of adrenaline ( adr ) into rats to prepare a blood stasis model
by injection of pituitrin into the rabbits ' ear veins to result in acute cardiac muscle blood-deficiency .
tongmaile capsule had remarkable effects of anti-inflammation , analgesia anti-thrombosis , anti-ischemia , activating blood circulation to remove blood stasis and an obvious anoxia-tolerance effect under normal pressure .
to study the protective effect of extract of ginkgo bilboa leaf ( egb ) on renal lesions in diabetic rats .
allaxan diabetic rats were treated with egb ( 120mg.kg.d-1 ) for eight weeks , the protective effects of egb on renal function were evaluated .
egb plays definite role in preventing diabetic nephropathy .
to set up the quality standards for xinxin gankang tablet ( xxgk ) .
the contents of deoxyschizandrin and anshinone iia were 0.602mg/g , 0.376mg/g respectively and the recovery rates were 96.89 % and 96.65 % respectively .
the methods in this article are stable and reliable , simple and rapid , which can be used as the index of quality control .
aim : to develop and use the hospital pharmaceutics pricing system .
preoperative administration of reptilase in turp can effectively prevent postoperative bleeding and other complications and can decrease the expenses of surgical treatment .
the bioequivalence and pharmacokinetics of two kinds of flunarizine hydrocloride tablets were studied in 12 healthy male volunteers .
a method was established for the determination of famotidine in plasma by hplc .
the flow rate was 1.1ml / min and column temperature was 35c . the detection was performed at uv266nm .
plasma samples were extracted with ethylacetate .
the recovery was 102.4 % . the rsd within day was less than 5.0 % and the rsd between days was less than 6.6 % .
the method is accurate and can be used for studying the pharmacokinetics and bioavailability of famotidine .
exploring the inner quality of single herb concentrate-granules for chinese medicinal herbs .
metho-ds : the methods of uv , hplc , tlc , etc. were used for the qualitative and quantitative analysis .
the contents of main compositions contained in the single herb concentrate-granules were only equivalent to 1/3 ~ 1/2 of those of their single herb decoction .
it was showed that the production technics of single herb concentrate-granules for chinese medicinal herbs was still worth further studying and exploring .
to discuss about the strategy of technical innovation in industry of chinese materia medica ( cm-m ) .
to analyze the strategic significance of implementing technical innovation of cmm industry and the key points in the course of implementing technical innovation .
from the angles of industry and enterprise separately , a deve-loping strategy has been put forward concerning technical innovation of cmm industry .
to study the preparation processes of shenshu capsules .
on the basis of physical and chemical properties of the effective components of drugs , the preparation processes comprised three parts : leech was crushed to powders ;
leech should be stove at 50c and crushed to powders of sieve mesh number 100 .
the results of experiment make it clear that the preparation processes of shenshu enteric capsules are feasible .
to give some information for the strategy of new drug research and development in our country .
results & conclusion : the traditional chinese medicine should be the key point in the new drug research and development .
to sum up practical experience for r & d of ten snd .
results & conclusion : the cooperation of pharmaceutical manufacturers , universities and research institutes promotes the industrialization of research achivements .
to estoblish a method of determination of the contents of sennoside a and sennoside bin chang bi qing enteric-coated granules with hplc .
the flow rate was 1.0ml/min . the detecting wave-length was 270nm .
the average recoveries of sennoside a and sennoside b were 98.14 % and 98.07 % respectively and their repeatabilities were good ( standard derivations < 2 % ) .
the method was simple , accurate , reproducible and can be used for quality control of the preparation .
a computer optimization technique was applied to the design of preparation technique of methotreate human serum albumin microspheres .
the effects of different factors on mean diameter of microsphere was studied at three levels accoring to uniform design of experiment .
multivariable linear regression was used to determine the relationship between the factors applied with the effects responsed .
albumin concentration and stirring rate during emulsification had significant effect on mean diameter of microspheres
and emulsification time and the amount of albumin had no significant effect .
computer optimization technique can optimize preparation technique of microspheres effectively . the method has potentiality to be use in other dosage forms .
to prepare the compound tinidazole suppository and establish the quality control standard .
the preparation of compound tinidazole suppository is easy in technological process . the method of content determination is simple and accurate .
to develop an implanted film of ephedrine hydrochloride so as to provide a new preparation and therapeutic method for chronic and obstinate bronchial asthma .
gelatin was the best drug-base and pva17 ~ 99 the best sustained-release base .
the content of ephedrine was determined by uv-spectrophotometry .
it had satisfactory sustained-release action without any side-effect at implanted acupoint .
the results of clinical use showed that this preparation was effective , long-action and safe .
to prepare a controlled-release pessary for treating gynecologic inflammatory diseases .
to study the preparation technic and establish the quality standard of the pessary .
according to the requirement of new drug , local irritability test was carried out .
the plasma concentration of tinidazole was assayed with uv-spectrophotometry and the clinical therapeutic effect was observed .
kuaijing pessary has satisfactory pharmacokinetic characteristics with a steady in vivo drug release rate and long time action . it is worth popularizing .
to discuss the economical effectiveness of using different therapeutic programs to treat acute encepholorrhagia complicated with stress ulcer .
the best program to treat encepholorrhagia complicated with stress ulcer was reptilas combined with ranitidine .
to make a statistic analysis and comparison on kinds , sum of money and origin of these drugs in our hospital during 1996 ~ 1999 period .
the use of antimicrobial drugs inreased year by year .
few of natural drugs were used . there is a very wide prospect to exploit natural drugs .
corticosterone for topical use , antiallergic drugs and antifungal drugs are still the main drugs used for dermatosis .
the pharmacokinetics and relative bioavailability of domestic levofoxacin distributive tablet in healthy volunteers were studied .
the pharmacokinetics parameters were analyzed by 3p97 computer software . the serum concentration-time curve fitted to two compartment model ,
group a ( 33 cases ) were treated with im-ep regimen and group b ( 35 cases ) were treated with ep regimen .
both regimens were repeated every 4 weeks for three cycles .
tumor response and cytotoxic reactions were assessed by who criteria . qol was evaluated by clinical benefit response .
the objective response rate ( cr + pr ) was 27.3 % in group a compared to 22.9 % in group b ( p > 0.05 ) .
clinical benefit response in group a was higher than that in group b ( p < 0.5 ) ,
to study the regularity of tussisogenic reaction of captopril , so as to provide a basis for clinical drug use .
data of 372 patients who received captopril from january 1998 to june 1999 were collected and analysed .
captopril-induced cough often lead to misdiagnosis , so we should pay attention to this adverse reaction .
aim : to investigate the conditions of 271 out-patients consulting about the traditional chinese medicine and to make clear the necessity and practical application of the consultation .
recommendation of drugs accounted for 29.2 % of the total consultations ;
otherwise , we also discovered the clinical irrational drug use and some problems in drug quality .
drug consultation is valuable for guiding patients to use drugs safely , effectively and economically .
according to the growth performance of 127 individuals , which were the 5th generation of the new strain , line a ,
we could make a conclusion : line a grew fast in the early days , and meat quality was wonderful .
the head of adult buck was more thicker than adult doe 's , but the difference between the young was not significant .
the concentrations of motilin and gastrin were determined in colostrum of rabbit by ria . motilin and gastrin were found in colostrum and common milk .
these indexes varied with the sample-taking point , slaughtering season and old . the middle of back can represent for the body .
60 male rex rabbits were used to study effects of castration at different ages on growth rate , slaughtering performance , meat and fur qualities .
specially after the rabbit is weaned and begins to take food , the lymphoid sacculus grow up obviously by stimulation of food and external antigen .
it has been proved again that the lymphoid sac culus of the rabbit is the peripheral organ . its main function is humoral immunity , digestion and obsorption .
among the lymphoid sacculus , the round sacculus evolves from the ileum , and the sheild-form lymphoid evolves from the caecum .
and dressing percentages of 5 4.12 % , 56.21 % and 55.79 % with a heterotic vigor of 1.13 % ( p > 0.05 ) .
for studying the liable content of elements in karst environments , one should consider three kinds of carriers : soil , karst water and soil water .
baiyandong underground river cave system is located 7 km southeast to baojing county .
it embraces one main corridor and four major branch galleries , i.e. jiku , liangchahe , sanchaghe and tiejiangdong . elevation in dry season of 1999 .
from the structure and functions of karst dynamic system , the self-organization mechanism of positive feedback of karstification is analysed in fractured water-bearing medium of carbonate rock .
as a result two potential target areas were lined out .
case studies show that the method gives reliable results and is easy to operate .
the water recharge , regulation and discharge is modelled mathematically in jinlong reservoir , longzhou county , guangxi .
show that ( 1 ) the subsoil solution feature mainly formed at depth 0.2 ~ 0.6m below the ground surface , where scc is max ;
the cave system formed in cretaceous-tertiary period , it is still developing in the direction of vertical deep dissection now .
in this paper , case studies are reviewed using published and unpublished data .
they are gradually changed into stable minerals from bottom to surface .
the release amount of co2 from soils is different under different vegetation conditions . forestry land is greater than grassland and grassland is greater than bare land .
and the release amount is greater in day than at night .
the system cluster grading method is a one based on the theory of cluster analysis .
in this paper , the environmental geological quality of karst collapses is evaluated .
the carbonate-derived laterite possesses the special dilation-shrinkage characteristic that neither is different from other derived laterite , nor typical dilative soil and general clay .
this paper analyzes the dilation-shrinkage characteristc of the loca1-special-soil based on karstification and its ingredients and structure , discuss the effect of karstification on the special dilation-shrinkage characteristic .
the thlm grotto surveying system is made , integrating a transit with a hand-held laser meter .
the article introduces the principles and working process of the thlm grotto surveying system .
plc distributed control system , led displaying screen , and tv monitoring system , ect .
meanwhile , among the 7 tested dominant higher fatty acids in the cigarettes , 3 dominant fatty acids content increased , but 4 dominant fatty acids content decreased .
the loss caused by potato virus y ( pvy ) is becoming more and more serious in tobacco production in northeastern china .
aphidius gifuensis is an important parasitic natural enemy of aphids and it plays an important role in controlling aphids population .
this paper deals with a detail review on the biology , ecology and utilization of aphidius gifuensis .
the present paper dealt with the population dynamics of myzus persicae ( sulzer ) and its natural enemies using fuzzy grouping analysis .
their occurrence trait in spring tobacco plantation and the inhibiting effect of the natural enemies to myzus persicae ( sulzer ) were revealed .
in according with above results , one standard variety identification model could be composed .
the plastic shed of float system supplied better temperature and thermal conditions .
the effective accumulated temperature of float-bed was 12.6 % higher than that of soil-bed inside the same plastic shed .
the advantage of heat accumulation and distribution of float-bed was the important factor to produce good seedlings with float system .
study on relationship between drought and tobacco growth was conducted in pot culture under artificial water control conditions .
the absorption spectrum of 3,5-dinitrosalicylic acid reducing product with reducing sugar has been studied .
the result shows a maximum absorption at 474 nm , and gives the best suitable amount of the color reagent and the standard curve .
a new agricultural antibiotic junkeduke was studied for controlling tmv during 1998-1999 .
film mulching and good management in sucker control improved the smoking quality significantly .
the results also showed that b3 + could bring tobacco into blossom , help the middle and lower leaves getting yellow earlier .
enable high yield , quality and output value of tobacco .
while the effect of silver gray film mulching was 22.1 % -23.5 % and tobacco yield increased by 153kg/hm2 .
the difference of tobacco yield and output value between match color film and common film mulching was highly significant .
the difference of tobacco yield between match color film and silver gray film mulching was highly significant and that of output value was significant .
the difference of yield and output value between silver gray film and cornon film mulching was significant .
the results showed that the non-plthogenic bacteria were inhibitive to alternaria alternata .
the changes of chemical components in flue-cured tobacco leaf were studied by using serf-made temperature and moisture automatic control electric-heater curing barn .
the effects of different straw chaffs on the microbial composition and quantity were analysed with biologi statistic method .
thirty-three upper-middle oriental tobacco samples fron different areas in south anhui province in 1992 were analyzed .
a consistent tendency was found between the transcription activity and product accumulation of the genes indicated by pr-la electrophoresis .
genome dna structure mutation in different tobaccos was tested by random amplified polymorphic dna ( rapd ) using 5 primers .
it was suggested that the sequence rearrangement or nucleotide substitution was responsible for the constitutive expression of the defence genes and such an expression resulted in resistance enhancement .
plant with 80 fruits produced high yield and quality seeds .
hybrid seeds production efficiency was higher when flourishing florescence in the last ten days of july than in the first ten days of september in guizhou .
one person could produce 400-500 g hybrid seeds per day with the brush to pollinate flower
the results showed that nitrate reductase ( nr ) activity decreased slower in high relative humidity than in low relative humidity at yellowing stage .
considering variety , nr activity of hongda decreased a liule more quickly than that of k326 .
with special bacteria put in , the effect exceeded that of the compination .
compared to traditional methods this process has several advantages such as less waste water and time consumption .
for the inheritance of lesion-number , the dominant genes are mostly negative , and for lesion-size , the dominant genes are positive .
the results from field investigation in 1996 and 1997 , and from detached-leaf-inoculation all supported the identical conclusion .
the invading-resistance of tobacco plant was proved to be more ready to be delivered to offspring than spreading-resistance to the disease .
analysis on the combining ability indicated that there were some crosses had desirable special combining ability of lesion-number , others had good lesion-size special combming ability .
the resistant susceptible type cross beinhart1000-1 nc82 showed good special combming ability of both the resistance components . it 's very useful in breeding for brown spot resistance .
it will promote the research of sulphur nutrition and scientific sulphur fertilizer management .
plasma hgf levels within 7 days after onset of ami were significantly higher than those of control subjects .
hgf levels in the culture medium of mncs ( mncs-hgf levels ) peaked on day 1 and decreased by day 14 .
a significant positive correlation was found between plasma hgf and mncs-hgf levels on day 7 after onset of ami .
there was a significant positive correlation between maximum creatine phosphokinase levels and maximum plasma hgf levels .
there was also a significant positive correlation between maximum c-reactive protein levels and maximum plasma and mncs-hgf levels .
maximum plasma hgf level is important in reflecting the extent of myocardial infarction .
mncs may contribute to the elevation of circulating hgf level in the subacute stage of myocardial infarction .
inflammation after ami is supposed to induce hgf production by mncs .
increased hgf level may contribute to the repair of ischemia-induced injury of endothelial cells in patients with ami .
to study the importance of dyslipidemias as risk factors for myocardial infarction ( mi ) in middle-aged men .
' results : the non-conditional logistic regression showed that tc / hdl-c > 5.0 , tc >
5.2 mmol / l , ldl-c > 3.4 mmol / l , tg >
2.26 mmol / l , cigarette smoking >
10 pieces per day , fbg > 5.6 mmol / l , bmi >
25 kg / m2 were risk factors for mi and hdl-c 0.9 mmol / l was a protective factor for mi .
to observe the changes of the endothelin-1 ( et-1 ) and endothelium-dependent vasodilatation function in the patients with syndrome x.
the et-1 values at the attack of angina were significantly higher than those before and after angina ( p < 0.01 ) .
3the changes of endothelium-dependent relaxing function in artery were negatively correlated to plasma et-1 values ( r = -0.7328 , p < 0.001 ) .
to investigate the comprehension management and control of hypertension in the communities .
1taking advantage of sanitation service centers in the communities , the comprehension management and control of hypertension are much better accorded with the cost and benefit principle ;
2measuring blood pressure monthly is one of economic and effective methods ;
to compare the efficacy and safety of dilacor and verapamil in the treatment of essential hypertension .
the heart rate decreased after treatment and the incidence of adverse effect was rare in both groups .
dilacor , a long-acting calcium antagonist , is an effective and safe hypotensive agent and suitable to patients with essential hypertension .
objectives : to evaluate the safety and efficacy of stent placement in patients with poorly controlled hypertension caused by renal artery stenosis .
their mean systolic blood pressure was reduced from 157 12 mmhg to 128 9 mmhg ;
the diastolic blood pressure from 95 8 mmhg to 81 5 mmhg .
in this study the renal artery stenting appears to be an effective and safe treatment for renovascular hypertension . the long-term outcomes remain to be investigated .
to evaluate the effects of three kinds of cardioplegia on open heart surgery .
release of ctnt , et-1 and anp should be useful in determining myocardial damage .
warm blood cardioplegia appears to be superior to cold blood and cold crystalloid cardioplegia .
patients with severe restenosis of target artery or with symptoms of angina were treated with repeated ptca or ics .
to report anatomic correction of the transposition of great artery with ventricular septal defect and pulmonary stenosis .
all patients received rastelli procedure .
eight survivors were followed up for a period of 6 months to 5 years ( mean 2.1 years ) and there was not late death .
using rastelli procedure to correct transposition of great artery with ventricular septal defect and pulmonary stenosis could get satisfying operative results .
to investigate the effect of transfer of exogenous wide-type p16 gene on the growth of cultured vascular smooth muscle cells .
the exogenous p16 gene could be effectively transferred into cultured primary rabbit aortic smooth muscle cells by retroviral vector and p16 protein was expressed .
it could also markedly inhibit vascular smooth muscle cells proliferation and the cells were held up in g1 phase .
we investigated the protective effects of hyperpolarizing cardioplegia by potassium-channel agonist pinacidil on immature rabbits ' myocardial ischemic reperfusion injury .
twenty-one hearts from newzealand rabbits ( aged from 21 to 28 days ) were randomized to the groups of st.
thomas hospitaliisolution ( group s ) , st.
the experimental index included cardioplgia efficiency , cardiac function , coronary blood flow and myocardial enzymes , etc.
group p provided significantly better recovery of cardiac function than control groups , either did group s than group s + p ;
thomas hospital ii solution makes unsatisfactory results .
to study the correlation between coronary heart disease and hyperinsulinemia and the plasma plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 ( pai-1 ) .
to study preoperative immune function in rheumatic heart disease patients undergoing valve replacement surgery surgery .
fifty-two patients with cardiac valve replacement set up the study group , 50 healthy people set up the control group .
the ratio of the severe pulmonary hypertension group ( group iii ) was larger than 0.75 .
the plasma concentration of angiotensin ii was measured with radioimmunity assay before operation and the hemodynamics index was measured during operation .
the plasma angiotensin ii of the group i and group ii were all significantly higher than that of the control group ( p0.05 ) .
to investigate the myocardial protective effects of adenosine preconditioning in patients undergoing open heart operation .
tirty patients with cardiac valve replacement were randomly divided into experimental group and control group with 15 cases in each group .
adenosine preconditioning alleviated significantly the exudation of ctnt and myocardium enzymes , reduced the malondialdehyde content .
adenosine preconditioning can reduce myocardium ischemic reperfusion injury .
to explore the protective effects of l-arginine on myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury in patients undergoing extracorporeal circulation ( ecc ) . .
l-arginine has notable protective effects on postischemia reperfusion myocardium during extracorporeal circulation which is due to its raising no level .
to analyze the risky factors of post-operative respiratory failure in esophageal cancinoma patients .
to study the pathogenesis of intimal hyperplasia ( ih ) in early stage after vein-to-artery grafting .
collagen synthesis related to trauma healing lasted for 2 weeks after operation .
to search for an effective community service which is cost-efficacy for treat and prevention of chronic schizophrenic patients .
methods 225 outpatients with schizophrenia in community were randomly divided into two groups ( intervention and control groups ) and followed up for two years .
this follow-up study indicates that family intervention can be considered as a cost-efficacy and effective community service for rehabilitation of schizophrenia
to explore the role of body antioxidation capacity in the pathogenesis of psychosis and its clinical significance .
the serum content of sod , mda , gsh-px , vc , ve and no in 356 psychotic patients was measured with chemical colorimetry .
there was no significant difference in serum ve content between psychotic patients and controls ( p > 0.05 ) .
the schizophrenics with family history had higher serum no content than those without family history ( p < 0.05 ) .
the antioxidation capacity in psychotic patients varied with courses , genders and onset ages .
the serum sod and mda content in psychotics was lower after treatment than before treatment ( p < 0.01 ) .
there was no significant difference for other contents between patients taking and without taking antipsychotics .
the psychotic patients do have abnormal free radical content in their body and this may be one of the causes of disease .
to understand personality , social support and scl-90 in 248 medical graduates before having job in dongguan .
method 248 graduates were investigated with self-design general condition questionary , epq , ssrs and scl-90 .
there were differences sigificantly in the scores of scl-90 between typical personality and different social support in the 248 graduates .
correlate and regression analysis showed that the results were similar .
it is important in the mentation of having job graduates to provid with well personality and social support .
to observe the effect of electropuncture on mouse 's jumping experiment of synthetic vd learning dysmnesia .
to observe the rotational behavior of parkinson 's disease ( pd ) rats after implantation of microencapsulated pc12 cells .
the rotational behavior of pd rats reduced significantly .
research progress of preparation , structural properties , processing and application of polymer / clay nanocomposites , especially nylon6 / clay nanocomposite are briefly reviewed .
current situation of markets and tendency of technology development of clarifiers forpolypropylene at bome and abroad are introduced .
unplastizal poly ( vinyl chloride ) and polypropylene are filled with lightweight calcium car-bonate and aragonite whisker respectively .
the morphology shows that the addition of zn-s-psf has little effect onthe fiberformability of tlcpal .
molau tests arecarried out identify the compatibilization effect of evalm on pa6 / ldpe blends .
case based reasoing relies on storing solutions as well as problems and adapting these solu-tions to solve new similar problems .
in comparisonwith the parts obtained from virgin gmt sheets , the parts which have experienced nine times ofrecycling still have satisfactory mechanical properties .
suggestions on development and application of dripping and fog-reducing systems as well as drip-ping and fog-reducing films are also provided .
influences of dosages of filler ( caco3 ) and mixing , processes on antistatic property are em-phatically examined
using pp as matrix resin , poe as toughener , activated talc as reinforcer , compound for backcover of refrigerator compressor is prepared .
influences of property changes of talc filled pp , tem-perature-decreasin masterbatch , poe and compatibilizer on blends properties are studied .
resultson pmbatlon show that the compound can meet the demands of the back over of refrigerator com-pressor .
spherulites of some polymers such as pe , pp and ps during melting crystallization under dif-ferent conditions are studied by means of polarized microscope .
influences of dosages of bpo and dab-pa , reaction time and temperature on grafting ratio are studied .
it can improve the compatibilization of the system .
show that pellets have little deformation in flight elements combina-tion .
heat transfer from barrel is the main energy resource for melting of polymer pellets in pitch-reduced flight elements combination , so melting efficiency is very slow .
in reversed fight elementscombination , viscous dissipative-mixing energy is the main energy resource for melting of plymer .
to describe extended orientation degree of polymer molecular chains in runner , effective ex-tended strain sw is cited .
experiences of vent design in injection mold are introduced , and several venting method andstructures are also dealt with .
promotion degradation mechanism of multi-valence metallic organic compounds on pe undercomposting conditions is studied .
it turns out to be the case that the results obtained by these two visualizaticn methods are basically accordant with each other .
the dielectric property requirement of high frequency printed circuit boards and preparation of thermosetting polyhenylene oxide resin are introduced .
the crystallinity of polypropylene with different melt flow rate ( mfr ) are measured by x - ray method .
the maleic anhydride ( mah ) grafted abs is studied by molten method .
the dlt ( direct linear transformation ) algorithm is widely used in 3-d reconstruction of planar images .
the mathematical relationship between the scattering of uca and b-mode video intensity was set up on the basis of b-mode imaging principles .
preliminary experiments are presented on fresh cadaver specimen successfully and can lead to clinical validation on patients .
meanwhile , accuracy tests performed with the optical localizer show that the accuracy of system is suited for ent and other surgeries .
finally the results of clinical application were given to show effectiveness of the robotic system .
it is feasible to detect leukemia and monitor its treatment through the analysis of microwave scattering characteristic of the upper leg and its imaging .
model experiments showed that the angle parameter combined with old methods could improve the location resolution significantly .
there was much contention on distributive characteristics and their production mechanism of person 's qrs complex in time and frequency domain .
there was no relation of his-purkinje system to inverse-power law of qrs complex .
so inverse-power spectrum feature could not be used to characterise the chaotic feature of person 's ventricular depolarization qrs complex .
the frequency of eeg was irregular and was the same as the event-related potential ( erp ) . the traditional filtering method was ineffective .
owing to the difference between the tissue antigens and the attribute in grafts , these processes had different mechanical effect .
the results also demonstrated that cryopreserved radiated allograft was the most acceptable substitute of autograft in clinialuse .
we studied the model problem of controlled " dead zone " in the bone remodeling simulation in which combination of bone remodelling with finite element method was adopted .
a constant-linear constant-parabolic model was put forward .
long bone surface remodelling could be simulated by appropriately adjusting the constant .
a theoretical base was thus given on working out the general program .
scanning electron microscope analysis showed that generous ha crystals deposited and grew on the surface of the composites 3 ~ 6 weeks postoperatively .
to survey the complication and efficacy of selective internal radioembolization using phosphorus-32 glass microspheres combined with chemoembolization for advanced liver cancer .
the combined radio-chemo-embolization appears to be more effective and safe by and large .
the reasonable internal radiation doses , pre-operative selection of patients and intra-operative skill was very important to either reduce short-term complication or long-term survival .
the other data of aorta blood wave distortion of the patients group were significantly aifferent as commpared with these of the normal group p < 0.01 ) .
the positive results were obtained in 5 samples of fetal tissues from 17 abnormal fetuses and in 3 those of neonatal tissues from 7 cases of neonatal death .
the amplified products of pcr were identified to be the target dna with hae iii digestion .
the evaluation of b19 virus infection might depend on reliable assay to determine present infection or past infection .
the sequence was analysed by goldkey dna and protein analytical program and swiss-model protein modelling server in internet .
the antigen epitopes of sj-fabpc and the main sites of binding fatty acid may share same peptide .
to insight into genetic differences between chloroquine-resistant line ( rc ) and chloroquine-sensitive strain ( n ) of plasmodium berghei .
compared with the published sequences in genebank , embl , ddbj and pdb database , no similar gene was found , using blast search .
it is feasible to isolate chloroquine-resistant related genes by using simplified ddrt-pcr combined repetitively rescuing and pcr identifying the interest differential dnas together with sequence analyses .
to identification the immunization activation of recombinant leptospira gene vaccine from many-siden
malaria vaccines are being developed against different stages in the parasite 's life cycle .
the insertion and replcement vector with hsp86 gene were constructed .
aim recent years the incidence of tsutsugamushi disease has increased on the nan ao county in china and the characteristic of the epidemic area has not been reported .
this study has investigated the region for the epidemic area of tsutsugamushi disease .
the investigation of the epidemic area , the isolation of orientia tsutsugamushi , the study of pervention measures were carried out .
the orientia tsutsugamushi has been isolated from rattus norvegicus and leptotrombidium ( leptotrombidium ) deliens .
the serologic results show that antibody to orientia tsutsugamushi is positive in the residents and army crowd .
after the prevent measures were carried out , the incidence was descent .
the nanao county is the epidemic area of tsutsugamushi disease .
gst-pcdna3 recombinant clone was constructed successfully .
in order to study the cellular response induced by immunization with the dna plasmid ( pbk / p22 ) encoding the p22 protein of toxoplasma gondii in mice .
the number of cd + 4t cells shows no obvious increase compared with pbk-cmv and ns groups ( p > 0 . 05 ) .
however , cd + 8t cell was significant increased ( p < 0.01 ) and the value of cd + 4/cd + 8 was decreased .
aim to detect the possible relationship between the l-form bacterial infection and tumor .
normal saline was used instead of staphylococcus aureus as control .
and 2 had benign ones ( 2.22 0 % ) .
the hyperplasia and dysplasia hyperplasia of somatic cells of the infected group were found in the mice ( 11.1 % ) ,
and tumor-like hyperplasia was found in 3 mice ( 3.33 % ) . no mabnormal pathological change was found in the control group .
devenlopment of tumor and dysplasia hyperplasia may be closely related to the bacteria-form infection .
aim to evaluate the efficiency of gene amplification technique used in detecting the specimens colleted from rodents to identify natural epidemic foci of scrub typlus .
the npcr method is of highly sensitive and specific to be used in the etiologic study on specimens from field rats .
ns and pbk-cmv control group mice could not be amplified any fragment .
in contrast in b group , akbr decreased below 0.7 rapidly and failed to restore to the normal level .
within 12 hours postoperatively , in b group , akbr was lower than 0.4 .
akbr is a sensitve indicator to the allograft viability in the early phase after hepatic transplantation .
to find the relation between donor liver cold preservation-reperfusion injury and hepatocellular apoptosis during liver transplantation .
on the contrary , no or rare apoptotic hepatic parenchymal cells was observed in all the groups at the end of cold preservation .
it suggests that apoptosis of hepatic parenchymal cells is markedly involved in donor liver cold preservation-reperfusion injury .
to observe the changes of blood biochemistry during orthotopic liver transplantation in pigs .
no exogenous glucose was administrated during operation , the donor liver was perfused with collin 's solution .
the arterial blood was sampled for monitoring arterial blood gas tensions , na + , k + , ca2 + , and blood glucose levels .
during preanhepatic stage , blood glucose levels increased progressively , blood electrolytes and acid-base balance were stable .
to investigate the maximum tolerance limit of rats to hepatic inflow occlusion with portal vein blood bypss ( pbb ) in normothermia .
the 90 minutes is the maximum limit of rats to hepatic inflow occlusion in normothermia .
to study the effect of splenectomy on the anti-tumor immunity in rats with induced hepatocellular carcinoma ( hcc ) .
to investigate the effects of expression of tnf mrna on glucose uptake in both the liver and skeletal muscle after endotoxemia .
when the hepg2 cell lines were not induced by adriamycin , the expression of fas of them was weak and fas mainly existed in cell membrane .
when induced by adriamycin , the expression was enhanced and fas mainly existed in cytochylema .
changes of the expression of fas may be one of the drug-resistance mechanisms of carcinoma cell .
to investigate the indications , surgical technique and perioperative management of orthotopic liver transplantation .
the recovery of liver graft function was good after the operation in those patients without perioperative death .
to preliminarily summarize the diagnosis and treatment of coagulopathy in patient with severe hepatic cirrhosis who underwent orthotopic liver transplantation ( olt ) .
to study the expression of proapoptosis gene bax in hepatocellular carcinoma ( hcc ) and its clinical significance .
the protein expression levels of bax were determined by immunohistochemistry with envision system ; bax mrna was detected by in situ hybridizition .
using immunohistochemistry and in situ hybridizition method , bax protein was detectable in 47.50 % of hcc and in 78.57 % of cirrhosis ( p < 0.05 ) ;
the expression of bax mrna by in situ hybridizition were corresponding to immunohistochemistry , and there were no statistical difference between them .
aneuploid dna content was related with liver metastasis and cancerous thrombosis .
the expression of nm23-h1 in hcc with liver metastasis was higher than that without metastasis .
the positive rate of p53 in hcc with canerous thrombosis was higher than that without cancerous thrombosis .
the positive rates of nm23-h1 and p53 in hcc with aneuploid dna content were higher than those with diploid dna content .
the positive rate of c-erb b-2 did not have significantly difference between groups .
postoperative survival rates were possibly related with dna content as well as expression of nm23-h1 , and p53 oncoproteins .
to summarize the experience in therapy of iatrogenic bile duct injuries ( ibdi ) .
a retrospective study was made on the treatment of 54 patients with ibdi .
six cases of them were damaged by laparoscopic cholecystectomy ( lc ) , and the others by open cholecystectomy .
roux-en-y cholangiojejunostomy is the best effective treatment for ibdi .
to study the diagnosis and treatment of portal vein cavernous transformation ( pvct ) in adults .
a retrospective study was made on clinical data of 15 adult patients with pvct .
all of the 15 patients were followed-up for 3 ~ 18months , the results demonstraated that reduction or disappearance of gastroesophageal varices and no rebleeding or hepatoencephalopathy occurred .
to investigate the diagnostic and therapeutic methods of primary splenic neoplasms ( psn ) .
the clinical data of 21 cases of psn were analysed retrospectively .
of the 21 cases , 9 were males and 12 females .
there were 7 cases of benign tumors and 14 malignant tumors in this series .
ultrasound and ct scan were the main diagnostic methods .
splenectomy was performed in all cases . for malignant splenic tumor , radical splenectomy and additional distal pancreatectomy should be done if neccessary .
adjuvant chemothepy and radiotherapy were be done for malignant lymphoma after operation .
the key points of the diagnosis of psn are the vigilance to the diseases and choose appropriate imagic examination .
surgical treatment is the first choice of psn .
to study the diagnosis and management of traumatic colon injury , improve the efficiency of early diagnosis and treatment , and reduce complications and mortality .
the clinical data of 32 cases of colon injury from 1993 to 1998 were retrospectively analysed .
of 32 cases , 24 ( 75 % ) were diagnosed early and 8 ( 25 % ) were misdiagnosed .
no death occurred in this series .
to study the diagnosis and treatment of pancreatic infection ( pi ) .
this summarization paper of pi was made on literature review .
the therapy included operative treatment , antibiotic , immunoregulation and enteral nutrition .
to improve the diagnosis and treatment of abdominal injury ( ai ) .
some aspects should be paid attention to in the diagnosis and treatment of ai .
to evaluate the effect of ic resection . results death ccurred in 8 patients ( 23.53 % ) ;
to summarize the experience in diagnosis and treatment of severe liver trauma .
diagnosis and treatment of 94 patients with severe liver trauma were retrospectively reviewed .
according to moore 's classfication , 52 patients were in grade iii liver injury ; 32 patients in grade iv ; 10 patients in grade v.
all of the patients were treated by operation . the curative rate was 83.0 % and mortality 17.0 % .
surgical treatment is still the main treatment for severe liver trauma ; protection of vital organs ' function and prevention and treatment of complications are also very important .
to investigate the diagnosis and management of pancreatic trauma ( pt ) .
retrospective study was made on the clinical data of 37 cases of pt admitted in recent 10 years .
there were 4 cases of pt in grade 1 , 17 in grade 2 , 7 in grade 3 , 9 in grade 4 .
5 patients with pt only , 32 patients with ( 86.5 % ) other organs injury .
preoperative diagnosis was made only in 6 cases ( 16 % ) .
operation was performed on all 37 cases with 29 cured ( 78.4 % ) , and 8 dead ( 21.6 % ) postoperatively .
to summarize the experience in diagnosis and treatment of spleen trauma .
the clinical data of 172 cases of spleen trauma in 26 years were analysed retrospectively .
results 13 cases treated by non-surgical therapy were cured .
to study the mid-term follow-up results and clinical hemodynamic evaluation of perfeot bovine pericardium valve .
conclution : perfeot bioprosthetic valves are characterized with safety , durability and stable mid-term hemodynamic characteristics .
to investigate whether cardiopulmonary bypass increases endothelin-1 ( et-1 ) production in the lung .
cardiopulmonary bypass induces pathological increase of et-1 level in the lung , which could relate to pulmonary injury after cardiopulmonary bypass and posoperative pulmonary hypertension .
to assess the effect of ventricular assist device in improving myocardiac recovery , cardiac function and quality of life besides being a bridge to transplantation .
2ventricular assist device , which is beneficial for myocardiac recovery , is one of available therapies for the patients with endstage cardiac insufficiency .
3ventricular assist device could be used as the permanent mechanical circulatory support for the patients with endstage cardiac insufficiency , who are contraindicated to cardiac transplantation .
this study was to evaluate the mechanism of protective effects of captopril on myocardium after regional ischemia-reperfusion ( i/r ) in rabbits .
to study the differences of expressed genes in vascular endothelial cells with the action of atherogenic factors and to explore the structure and function of these genes .
the results of ddrt-pcr were confirmed by northern blot and the expression level of different genes varied by 30 % -200 % .
by ddrt-pcr method , our results first showed that ox-ldl could change the expression of many genes in endothelial cells .
the high level expression of icam-1 in endothelial cells stimulated by ox-ldl extensively suggest that icam-1 was an important adhesion molecule in the development of atherosclerosis .
objectives : to investigate the feasibility and efficacy of direct intracoronary stent deployment .
intracoronary stent was directly deployed without balloon predilation . post-dilation was done using the same stent balloon .
fourty-one patients underwent implantation of 42 stents .
pre-stenting stenosis was ( 75.6 6.4 ) % .
post-stenting residual stenosis decreased to ( 0.5 1.9 ) % .
stent deployment was successful in 100 % of the cases . there were no complications .
the following 30-day follow-up was uneventful in all of the patients .
coronary angiography was repeatedly done for 5 cases , only 3 patients had restenosis .
there were statistically significant differences in apo e4 / 3 and 4 frequencies between mi patients and controls ( p
to study the changes and the clinical significance of l-arginine-nitric oxide ( l-arg-no ) pathway of erythrocyte in patients with acute myocardial infarction ( ami ) .
to explore the role of inflammation and coronary stenosis in the development of unstable angina ( ua ) .
coronary angiography was performed in all patients with ua and sa , and the severity of coronary stenosis was evaluated by a quantitative method .
1plasma levels of sil-6r and p-selection are significantly higher in patients with ua than those in patients with sa ( p0.05 ) .
2severe coronary stenosis occurred more common in patients with sa than those with ua ( p
to analyse the electrophysiological characteristics of atrial tachycardia ( at ) and evaluate the value of radiofrequency ablation treating ats .
electrophysiologic study and radiofrequency ablation were perfomed in 23 patients with ats .
there were 20 cases of ats with reentrent mechanism and 3 cases with abnormal automaticity .
ats were successfully ablated in 21 patients . the target sites of 19 cases were located in the right atrium and 2 cases in the left atrium .
and abpm was taken before and after 6-week treatment .
losartan had a total effective rate of 87.5 % and exerted its antihypertensive effect throughout 24 hour dose-interval without alternation of heart rate and blood pressure circadian ( p
losartan 50 ~ 100 mg once daily can effectively control the blood pressure throughout 24 hour in mild to moderate essential hypertension and it is well tolerated .
to study the effect of benazepril on heart rate variability of essential hypertensive patients .
when benazepril lowers blood pressure , it can improve significantly the heart rate variability of essential hypertensive patients .
to study the effect of ambulatory blood pressure load degree on mild to moderate hypertensive patients cardiac systolic and diastolic function .
to observe influence of exogenous no inhalation on pulmonary arterial pressure , systemic arterial pressure and pulmonary vascular remodeling in hyperkinetic pulmonary hypertension ( ph ) .
there is no significant toxic accumulation effect from no inhalation at the end of one week .
to investigate the secration of matrix metallproteinase-1 ( mmp-1 ) by a cell-to-cell interaction between monocytes and vascular smooth muscle cells ( vsmcs ) .
separated coculture experiments revealed that the direct contact of both cells and cytokines contributed to mmp-1 production .
according to the level of crp , the patients were divided into two groups : group a ( crp
the percentage of plaque dissection after ptca in group b was higher than that in group a ( 86.7 % vs 60.0 % , p = 0.01 ) .
the rate of intraprocedural coronary spasm was also higher in group b compared with group a ( 10 % vs 0 % , p = 0.04 ) .
in-hospital mace was not occurred in both groups .
objectives : to assess the relationship between plasma endothelin ( et ) levels and insulin-sensitivity in patients with coronary heart disease ( chd ) .
correlations between et level and each of nine insulin-sensitivity items were obtained using linear regression analysis , and multivariate regression analysis was used to assess independence of associations .
to assess the clinical efficacy of the multi-link intracoronary stent in the management of coronary artery disease .
a retrospective study of 96 patients with coronary artery disease , who had undergone the stenting was presented . long-term angiographic and clinical follow-up were carried out .
one hundred sixteen multi-link coronary stents were implanted ( mean 1.2 stents per patient ) .
the overall procedural success rate was 99.0 % .
there was one death during hospitalization .
during 27 8 months follow-up period , there were no additional events and 91.6 % of patients remained free of clinical cardiac events .
the multi-link stent exhibits favorable performance characteristics and appears to be safe and effective in routine angioplasty practice .
patients treated by percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty ( ptca ) were retrospectively analyzed .
the perforation was occluded by long time balloon inflation in all 6 cases .
no pericardiocentesis and emergency coronany artery bypass grafting ( cabg ) was needed and no death occured .
coronary arterial perforation complicated by ptca was not common , rapid diagnosis and active treatment are very important in order to avoid severe complications .
none of 48 patients without post-procedural tnt increase had side branch occlusion and only one of them got pre-procedural tnt above the upper limit .
no in-hospital mace occurred in all cases entered in this study .
the incidence of tnt increase after cs is low
and the increase is due to side branch occlusion and / or pre-procedural minor myocardial injury .
elevated tnt after cs does not seem to be marker of worse in-hospital prognosis .
the more serious the degree of restenosis , the higher positive rate ( restenosis < 100 % ) .
the results conclude that ex-201tl spect has practical clinical value to detect coronary artery restenosis after ptca , and can provide basis for examination and treatment .
apa may be one of the risk factors of chd .
there was closer relationship between hcmv infection and production of apa in chd group .
to evaluate the application of early mobilization with a five grade protocal in patients soon after acute myocardial infarction ( ami ) and to probe its feasibility .
one hundred and nine ami patients were randomly divided into two groups .
the control group included 55 ami patients who were treated and rehabilitated according to the conventional program .
the mortality rates during hospitalization in these two groups were 10.70 % and 9.26 % respectively ( p > 0.05 ) .
but the mean time of hospitalization decreased from 24.67 9.85 to 18.63 9.12 days ( p < 0.05 ) in the experimental group .
to observe the efficacy of the venous thrombolysis in the elder patients with acute myocardial infarction ( ami ) .
the venous thrombolysis therapy can lower the mortality and improve the prognosis in elder patients with ami .
the more serious the coronary stenosis , the more higher the ox-ldl and mda , but the more less the no and sod .
to investigate the effects of domestic and imported simvastatin on lipid metabolism in patients with primary hyperlipidemia .
domestic simvastatin has satisfactory lipid-regulating effects similar to those of its imported counterpart .
the purpose of this study was to observe the relationship between left atrial hemorheological property and spontaneous echo contrast ( sec ) in rheumatic mitral stenosis .
there is relationship between sec and left atrial hemorheologic abnormalities in rheumatic mitral stenosis .
to explore changes of circulatory endocrine factors and effects of -blocker therapy in congestive heart failure ( chf ) in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy .
fourty-two patients with dilated cardiomyopathy complicated chf were randomized into metoprolol group ( n = 22 ) and routine treatment group ( n = 20 ) .
3the patients who received benefits from -blocker especially were the youngers with fast heart rate and higher levels of circulatory endocrine factors .
to assess the effects of nasal coninuous positive airway pressure ( cpap ) breathing on acute respiratory failure after paediatric open heart surgery .
pao2 increased from 71 14 mmhg to 108 34 mmhg and 110 35 mmhg ( p < 0.01 ) ,
the paco2 decreased from 50 7 mmhg to 45 6 mmhg and 43 13 mmhg . the circulatory condition became stable .
we studied 28 paediatric patients with pure ards after open heart surgery . the manoeuvers in mechanical ventilation were as follow : 1high respiratory frequency .
2low tidal volume .
3low peak inspiratory pressure .
4using peep in the early period in order to avoid lung damages from high concentration of oxygen and large tidal volume .
there were 2 cases ( 2/28 ) of barotrauma and 4 casese ( 4/28 ) with positive sputum culture .
to determine if hypercholesterolemia effects on endothelial function .
no aortic atherosclerosis was found by morphogical studies .
hypercholesterolemia decreases endothelium-dependent vasorelaxation .
vascular endothelial dysfunction develops earlier than atherogenesis in this rabbit model .
to explore the effects of various doses of l-arginine ( l-arg ) on cardiac function .
l-arg ( 1 mmol / l ) group , all parameters increased significantly ( p < 0.01 ) ;
l-arg ( 10 mmol / l ) group , only dp / dt max was decreased significantly ( p < 0.01 ) ;
l-arg ( 20 mmol / l above ) group , all parameters were decreased significantly ( p < 0.01 ) .
1physiological concentration of l-arg ( 0.1 mmol / l ) does not affect the cardiac function of isolated rat heart .
2l-arg ( 1 mmol / l ) has a positive inotropic and chronotropic effect on isolated rat cardiac function .
3l-arg ( 20 mmol / l above ) have a depressive effect on both left ventricular pressure parameters and hr in isolated rat heart .
to understand molecular mechanisms of electrophysiological alterations underlying cardiomyocyte hypertrophy .
compared with the control group , the expressions of voltage-gated k + channels mrna were significantly decreased by 42 % ( p < 0.05 ) .
to investigate the role of endogenous ouabain ( eo ) in the pathogenesis of hypertension .
to report experience in perioperative treatment of pulmonary thromb-endarterectomy ( pte ) .
follow-up studies ( mean 17.3 months post pte ) found all patients to be in nyha class i without any symptoms .
proper treatment to pulmonary hypertension and pulmonary edema caused by reperfusion after pte is key to successful pte .
enough sedation and use of vasodilators are effective in treatment of pulmonary hypertension ; and mechanical ventilation and use of diuretics , to pulmonary edema .
both transmural and endocardial mbf reserve , were reduced ( p
to investigate the correlations between the plasma concentrations of brain natriuretic peptide ( bnp ) and the left ventricular remodeling after acute myocardial infarction ( ami ) .
left ventriculography ( lvg ) was performed in both emergency and convalescent phase . lvesvi and lvedvi were calculated by a area-length method from the film of lvg .
the plasam bnp concentrations were significantly higher in remodeling group than in non-remodeling group .
in remodeling group , the plasma bnp concentrations correlated significantly not only with lvesvi and lvedvi but also with the increases of lvesvi and lvedvi .
the prognostic value of plasma bnp concentration after ami is worth to further study .
to summarize the results of coronary intervention at fu wai hospital .
there were 121 cases with chronic total occlusion .
among them , 538 patients also underwent intracoronary stenting .
there were 997 lesions in total , most lesions ( 54.3 % ) had unfavorable characteristics ( type b2 or c ) .
success rate of percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty ( ptca ) was 95.0 % . success rate of intracoronary stenting was 99.4 % .
one patient had subacute in-stent thrombosis 14 days after the procedure .
nineteen ninety-nine was another successful year , not only in numbers but also in lower level of complications .
to analyze myocardial perfusion change in patients with myocardial infarction ( mi ) and normal coronary artery .
myocardial perfusion imaging showed mi more distinct than electrocardiogram ( ecg ) did .
myocardial perfusion imaging demonstrated areas and severity of mi patient with mi and normal coronary artery .
to investigate the prognostic value of ambulatory blood pressure ( abp ) in essential hypertension .
one hundred and twenty-nine subject were finished follow-up , the average follow-up period were 38 months . 22 patients had the events
the event group abp parameters was higher compare with no event group ( p0.05 ) .
perindopril significantly decreased lvh . the effect of both drugs were similar in improvement of lv diastolic function with eh .
the proportion of mtdna4977 , mtdna7436 were negatively correlated with the mitochondrial respiratory chain enzyme activities .
with the increasing of the percentages of mtdna deletions , the cardiac ejection fraction was decreased significantly .
sixty patients with chf were randomised group for either to losartan or to enalapril .
plasma et-1 , no and angii levels were higher in patients with chf than those in normal subjects ( p
to assess the indication of success , efficacy , and safety of catheter ablation of left accessory pathways by radiofrequency energy through the coronary sinus .
all 22 patients had successful ablation within the coronary sinus . sewenty-seven point three per cent.successful sites were related to coronary sinus abnormalities or venous branches .
to evaluate the role of magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) in the diagnosis of non-myxomatous primary tumors of the heart and pericardium .
mri with higher soft-tissue resolution and large field imaging is helpful in demonstrating the cardiac tumors and its surrounding structures , such as mediastinum , lung and diaphrogm etc.
cine-mri , in addition to anatomic structures , may depict hemodynamic changes .
mri will also be of benefit to characterizing preliminarily the tissue nature , such as lipoma , fibroma and pericardial cyst with hemorrhage .
to summarize the reoperative causes and time after total correction of tetralogy of fallot so as to reduce the reoperative incidence and mortality .
to analyse retrospectively reoperative cases after total correction of tetralogy of fallot from jan . 1990 to jun . 1996 .
proper timing and adept technique can reduce the reoperative mortality .
to discuss the surgical treatment of tetralogy of fallot with absent pulmonary valve ( tof / apv ) .
there was no hospital death . the average duration of follow-up was 23 13 months . the pulmonary valve functioned well without significantly regurgitation on echocardiography .
the velocity and pressure difference between the right ventricle and pulmonary artery were significantly decreased ( averaged 2.26 0.53 m/s , 21.0 6.5 mmhg , p
emphasis must be paid to complete relief of airway compression in the surgical correction of tof/apv .
it is simple and effective to reconstruct the right ventricular outlet tract with pulmonary homografts .
six hundrend and sixty patients with chd was filtrated . the total sickening rate is 5.71 % .
the incidence and sickening rate of gansu western corridor area is higher than one of yellow river field .
the children with chd in plateau region become severe pulmonary arteries pressure in preschool age and have high rate of die young .
in control group , lvedvi and lvesvi increased throughout 6 months with significant increase on day 14 and month 3 .
lvef decreased . losartan and enapril equally prevented the increase of lvedvi which was significant on day 14 and month 3 .
lvesvi was also decreased by the treatment of two drugs which was significant on day 14 .
there was no medicine-related cough in losartan group while the incidence of cough in enapril group was 25 % .
losartan and enapril have similar anti-lvrm effect , but losartan is more tolerable .
to study platelet protein kinase c ( pkc ) activity and its role in patients with acute myocardial infarction ( ami )
the baseline and responsive activity of platelet pkc between . ami group and control group were compared and analysed .
the unusual activated pkc and its high responsiveness played important roles in platelet thrombosis for the patients with ami .
to explore the effects of fosinopril on fibrinolytic activity in the patients with early acute myocardial infarction ( ami ) .
there were no difference in tpa activity , tpa mass concentrations , pai-1 activity between the two groups before treatment ( p0.05 , respectively ) .
to assess the relationship between the atrio-ventricular accessory patheways and the coronary venous morphology .
a close correlation between coronary veins and accessory pathway location was found .
to compare the influence of nifedipine and nifedipine moderate liberant on autonomic function in young and middle-aged adults with essential hypertension .
to evaluate the surgical method and result of bidirectinal glenn operation without cardiopulmonary bypass in the treatment of congenital heart anormalies with single functional ventricle .
operation time , icu stay and total cost were compared between two groups .
bidirectional glenn operation without cardiopulmonary bypass is safe and easy to manipulate , without blood trausfusion , with better early post operative recovery . and more cost-efficiency .
objectives : to analyze the risk factors inducing ventricular fibrillation ( vf ) before cardiopulmonary bypass ( cpb ) in cardiovascular surgery .
to evaluate the nutritional state before and after operation in patients with valvular heart disease .
data from 186 consecutive patients treated by valve replacement surgery under extracorporeal circulation were reviewed .
parameters from 99 normal volunteers were used as controlls .
malnutrition must be considered as a risk factor of heart valve surgery . adequate preoperative nutritional support may reduce post-operative complications .
to determine the effects of triiodothyronine ( t3 ) on the recovery of postischemic left ventricular function .
the parameters of left ventricular function were compared between simple ischemic and ischemic plus t3 group .
t3 supplementation significantly promote the recoverv of postischemic left ventricular function .
the suspension of myocardial cells was assigned to three groups : l-arg , l-name , and the control .
each group was exposed to hypoxia before determination of [ ca2 + ] i.
1in normoxic state , [ ca2 + ] i was 120.0 14.3 nmol / l ( n = 10 ) .
3under the condition of hypoxia nitrons oxide was more sensitive to myocardial cells than ordinary oxygen pressure .
in condition of long-term severe hypoxia , no may be toxic for myocardial cells .
to investigate whether benazepril can improve vascular endothelial relaxation of spontaneously hypertensive rat ( shr ) .
after experiment , the concentrations of serum folate in dg group were higher than those in hm group and ctl group and pre-experiment ( p
to report a patient with supravalvular aortic stenosis was successfully treated by percutaneous double balloon angioplasty and a good short-term result obtained .
the membranous stenosis was almost completely disappeared as shown by post-aortography , and the pressure gradient dropped to 12 mmhg .
the echocardiography also demonstrated that the supravalvular fixed membrane was ruptured and opened on diastolic phase .
aim : to supply a basis for uniting the reference value standard of chinese adult 's esr .
4 . according to different species of animals , the range of the shear rate of easily-degenerating erythrocyte was not the same .
to assess the rules and clinical significance of increased serum uric acid in patients with idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy ( idc ) .
the studied population consisted of 46 patients with idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy ( idc ) .
new york heart association ( nyha ) functional class ii-iv .
it was much higher in patients whose lvid 65mm as compared to those lvid < 65mm ( 572 182 vs. 425 112 , p < 0.01 ) .
to study the effect and mechanism of " jianyi oral liquid ( jyol ) in improving memory and preventing senility .
there was no significant difference , however , between the group treated with jyol and the group of 6-month old rats .
plasmal nitric oxide and nitric oxide synthase was measured by griess method .
to investigate variation of nitric oxide ( no ) level in serum and pharmaceutical interference in aged patients with hypertension .
after treatment , with the reduced blood pressure , the level of no was increased .
comparing effect and treatment time of defibrase ( def ) on hyperfibringenomia with those of ahalysantinfarctase ( aha ) .
after treatemnt , the levels of fibrignen in two groups were remarkably lowered ( p < 0.05 ) and there were no significantl difference between them .
def shows noticeable effects in treating patients with hyperfibringen and is conducive to preventing ischemic heart and cerebrum diseases .
in 100 cases with hyperlipidaemia tea pigment was given in 125mg tid p.o for one month in a self-conlrol study .
compared with the control group , no discernible general histomorphological alterations were observed in all groups both in mothers and offspring .
the doses did not reach the threshold that could cause brain histomorphological changes of rats .
it is shown that multiple revision of rotational effect on mhd wave are generated .
the temporal characteristics of low frequency have been described , the conception of rotational magnetic wave and double cyclotron oscillation have been pointed out .
the effect of bioturbation of echinocardium cordatum in bohai sea on vertical distribution of sediment particles was studied with glass beads .
we have found that the nanocrystalline ni3b possesses a highly catalytic activity for benzene hydrogenation by comparine with ultrafine ni-b amorphous alloy .
in order to meet the developed demands of microwave component integration , the existing fabricated technology of ferrite thin film at low temperature have attracted people 's attentions .
in this paper many fabricated methods are reviewed and studied , the chemical problems in procedure are analyzed .
based on the expression changes of genes in cardiac hypertrophy , cardiac hypertrophy related genes were isolated to study on its molecular mechanism .
cdna subtractive hybridization was used to isolate the related gene fragments in rat models of pressure-overload cardiac hypertrophy .
sequence homogenous comparing shows that some of them are similar to known genes ( cytochrome b , rab11b , bmp , etc. ) .
the relationship between solar spectral radiation change and greenhouse effect are preliminarily analysed .
accoding to solar spectral radiation data abserved , the geographic distribution of solar spectral radiation and agriculture utilization in china are researched for the first time .
along with the developed demands of microwave component integration , the existing fabricated technology of ferrite thin film at low temperature has attracted people 's attentions .
a fuzzy neural networks based flight simulation system modeling method when the characteristic of a flight simulation system considered is proposed .
the method has been used to build the real-time simulation model of a helicopter flight simulation system successfully .
however , there is no marked difference among different species within each group .
the experimental results indicate that this method has extremely high sensitivity and resolving power .
if this principle can be used , the study of estimating and nonlinear applied science would be break through .
the preparatory method of antisera on rabbit anti-mite was reported . it laid the foundation to study relationship between predatory mite and pest mite with elisa test .
these results demonstrated that lps could induced onoo- generation in rat lungs .
to study the dynamic changes of amino acids of inferior colliculus during tinnitus induced by sodium salicylate , the animal model of tinnitus was prepared with sodium salicylate .
the release of excitatory amino acids such as aspartate increased significantly after salicylate injection ( p key words tinnitus inferior
the patients feel very suffering when cystoscopy and catheter were inserted to urinary system .
according to above results , it indicated that fluoride-arsenic exposure could cause the oxidative damage of heart of the rat 's offspring .
the hydrogen permeation process is controlled by the lattice diffusion of hydrogen .
a dss for evaluating cims investment is designed . its design thought and framework structure are stated .
it only requires to construct the arma innovation model , and the solution of the ricca ti equation is avoided .
a simaple numerical example shows its effectiveness .
a finite element method with penalty for vortex shedding flow around square and circular cylinder is presented .
the computation scheme for the n-s equations is simplified by using the linear mixed finite element space , which does not accord with the inf-sup condition .
the numerical results are consistent with the experiment results .
in the process of deducing the h ? lder principle , a key step is to use the concept of non-contemporaneous variations .
the results show that the quantum noise in the dissipation microcircuit is determined by initial state of the circuit and the circuit parameter .
the first set of polarized ( e , 2e ) spectrometer in china was developed by the polarized physics lab in tsinghua university .
it consists of polarized electron source , optical electron polarimetry and ( e , 2e ) spectrometer .
the conception of form-position tolerance with the idea of computer aided geometric design is described . a mathematics models of line-contour tolerance and surface-contour tolerance are constructed .
secondly based on the hermite interpolation representation of or curves using complex analysis , the accurate nurbs boundary of line-contour tolerance can be obtained .
process modeling and quantitative analysis of activities of process are the key stages in business process reengineering ( bpr ) .
the steps of clustering analysis technique based on idef0 are
( 1 ) analysis of enterprise operation environment ,
( 2 ) establishing the visual process analysis model , (
3 ) determining the performance indexes ,
( 4 ) clustering analysis , and drawing the dynamic clustering analysis diagram ,
( 5 ) escrir methods are used to reengineer the activities ,
( 6 ) evaluating .
this model is suited to reengineer the general business process .
a simulation example shows its effectiveness .
for the high-order control system , based on the time-space precision integration method , a new kind of high precision algorithm for solving riccati equation is given ;
then the subspace interative method for solving the main eign-solution of the original system is put forward .
a generalized strain parameter is proposed .
similarity law is experimentally proved to be efficient to correlate void growth and this parameter .
magnetorheological fluids ( mrf ) have attracted increased interest because of its remarkable shear stress .
a new lorentz-maxwell representation of three-dimensional incompressible flow motion based on the gauge field theory , including the main fundamental theorems and the applications is presented .
secondly , the synthesis of the notion of particles and fields has been achieved , named the lorentz-maxwell representation of three-dimensional incompressible flows .
within this framework , it is supposed to avoiding the problem of action at a distance inherent including in the classical fluid dynamics .
the results and conclusions of the research on the simulation of oxygen transport and metabolic function in the human are discussed .
the mathematical model of metabolic rate of oxygen is presented .
using this model , the responses of circulatory and respiratory systems under hypoxia and hypercapnia are discussed .
the responses of cerebral metabolic rate of oxygen under different physiological conditions are also provided .
given the presence of two-microphone signals with one competing speaker , a method of speech signal separation is proposed to stimulate the mankind auditory behavior .
an artificial neural network and adaptive decorrelation are introduced to control the convergency of iteration .
the experiment results have shown that the proposed method can works well when the desired talker 's speech is corrupted by the competing speech signal or stationary noises .
bacillus ctc strain was identified as bacillus thuringiensis subsp . finitimus ( serotype h2 ) and pasteur institute confirmed this identification .
the parasporal crystal body formed by ctc strain is oval shaped , and consists of 100 kda protein .
the determination of the n-terminal amino acid sequence showed this protein shares 93 % similarity to that of s-layer protein of b.anthracis .
this protein expresses in all its growth stage , independent on sporulation .
b. thuringiensis is specie similar to b. cereus and b.anthracis , and only can be distinguished by forming parasporal crystal body .
the results show that both on population and on species level , the genetic diversity and population differentiation are low .
the results show : ( 1 ) there was an inconsistency between experts and patients . the experts emphasizes on items of symptoms and side-effects .
it is not suitable to use the fixed weighting system for assessment of quality of life .
" the individualized weighting system " and the individualized weights for the sqol-npc ( quality of life scale for nasopharygeal carcinoma ) are suggested .
it indicates that pg is a effective penetration enhancer of cinnamaldehyde .
it is concluded that there are mutual regulation between be asmc and aec , and it may partly through the second message system .
this is the underlying reason for the periodic behavior of chaotic dynamical systems in hausdorff metric spaces .
the distinction between chaotic and regular dynamical systems is that the periodic behavior of chaotic dynamical systems in hausdorff metric spaces is non-degenerate .
how to understand such non-degenerate characteristic is very important to the deep understanding of chaos .
the evolution process and function mechanism of the famous brand ecosystem are discussed .
the results show that the intensity of m2x + cluster ion is related to ionic radium and crystal lattice energy .
other compounds having layer structure have not this characteristics of thermal ion emission .
the observational result of spectrum of psr0329 + 54 was presented . the multifrequency observations were obtained used 25 m radio telescope of uao .
a flux density variation event of psr b0809 + 74 on 13 july 1999 is reported .
it was discovered during the daily monitor of pulsar s at 327 mhz using the 25-m radio telescope of urumqi astronomical observatory .
scientists discovered chloridion layer while they studied the freon .
ozone is decreasing by the action of nature and creature .
these results suggest that the connection between the nerve ending and pinealocyte in the pineal gland of the rat is variant .
a full diffraction method is proposed for computing third order wave forces on axisymmetric bodies .
no level was significantly increased upon the onset of ischemia and reperfusion .
the results indicated that ea might inhibit directly the elevation of no following cerebral ischemia , which perhaps be another way of the ea neuroprotection .
it is resulted that 1gene therapy can improve neurological outcome after spinal cord injury in group a rats .
3the density of ventral horn neurons of the spinal cord was group a > band c.
these results show treatment with genetically engineered myo blasts producing bdnf can accelerate recovery from traumatic spinal cord injury in the adult rat .
there were obvious differences in pathogencity of these strains , of which could be divided in to high , medium and low types .
among the 12 isolates examinated , dsrna was found in 10 ones , however , there was no dsrna in the other 2 strains .
in this method , the parameters and information in lower level are leaded to the logic synthesis , in order to satisfy the request of performance .
the formation of the block copolymer is confirmed with gel permeation chromatography and 1h nmr spectrum .
it was concluded that the major histologic features of nash resemble those of alcohol induced liver disease .
alp activities in serum were measured . cgrp expression in the callus was detected by immunohistochemical staining .
it is concluded that the results indicated that new bone formation was enhanced after spinal cord transection in rats . cgrp involved in fracture healing .
the obstacle for the endochondrol ossification is related to the lack of stress stimuli to the limbs .
moreover , a mianingful bystander killing effect was conveyed in this study .
the majority of mixed lovo cells had been killed only when 20 % cells transfered by tk gene under the action of prodrug .
the phenomenon of gas pendulum is discussed in this paper , also given are the structure & principle of all-azimuth gas pendulum horizontal attitude sensor .
the simulations show that bi-sova can achieve about the same error performance as max-log-map , or even slightly outperform the latter under the lower s/n condition .
a simulation example show s its effectiveness .
a simulation example shows its effectiveness .
these methods are successfully used in oil-gas resources estimation , enhanced oil recovery simulation and seawater intrusion numerical simulation .
comparing with bop and edci , the cyclization yield by using depbt as coupling reagent was higher than that of bop and edci .
because of the orbital effect , the earth will receive a differential amount of solar energy in the differential place .
it shows that the climate variation in the past 100 ma is forced mainly by solar activity .
ozone hole gives the people both gains and losses .
the lower tepmperature is , the higher km is , while the lower vmax is .
vmax of actinonycety generating ureas in ph7.6 condition is the highest , while km is oppossite to it .
then was implanted in the subcutis of hip separately in the same rat , the allograft deactivated by 60co and without osteoblasts served as a control .
immunoreactivit ies of bmp occurred to osteoblastic cells .
paper uses coancestry to measure the genetic relationship among individuals in a population , effective breeding number to measure the gene diversity .
with selection on population merit , it always obtains higher genetic gain with fixed level of gene diversity or high gene diversity with fixed level of genetic gain .
the concept of population merit and the selection methods can be extended to including more factors important in tree breeding to achieve more cost effective breeding results .
when composite , composed of two materials , operates at high frequency , the internal vibration field is no longer uniform , making the transducer inefficient .
a trying modification for coupling coefficient considering the vibration distribution is proposed , which is more suitable for practical application .
the factors affecting the second stage oxygen de lignification of masson pine kraft pulp was studied .
the key problem for application of femnsi sma ( shape memory alloy ) is its low-temperature laxation .
numerical simulations were performed for invasive microwave antennas rediating at several cases including various disposition or time interval , using the finite-element-method ( fem ) .
a efficient recursive algorithm is presented for thiele-type generalized inverse matrix rational interpolants ( gmri ) . infinite matrix is an allowed value in the operation .
the autoregressive moving average ( arma ) innovation models are widely applied to solve the state and signal estimation problems .
it is suggested to construct the arma innovation models of linear discret stochastic systems by using the gevers-wouters algorithm .
it has advantages that the algorithm is simple , and has fast convergence property , and the invertibility of the innovation models is ensured .
the program of the gevers-wouters algorithm by using the matlab toolbox is given .
two simulation examples show its effectiveness .
compared to the classical kalman filtering method , the solution of the riccati equation is avoided , and the computational burden may be reduced .
based on the original variable , the structural dynamic equation is introduced into hamilton system from lagrange system by introducing the dual variable .
the main results are a sufficient condition for the existence of such a controller and the design method of this controller .
compared to polynomial method in frequency domain , the solution of the diophantine equations is avoided , so that the computational burden may be reduced .
a simulation example shows its effectiveness .
the earth is expanding and it get cold year by year .
the energy that has been released by human being is the smallest of them , it can not make the eatch warm in a historic scale .
habitat and host dada on sixteen species of the cheyletidae occurring in china are given . key for the species are provided for females adult mites .
the depressor effect of antitensionin was observed with measuring the arterial blood pressure and recording the extracellular unit discharges in rats .
therefore , the depressor effect of antitensionin was mediated by the ang ii receptors in lateral habenular nucleus .
pulmonary arterial hypertension ( pah ) but fall in mean arterial pressure ( map ) is one of characteristic hemodynamics in the early stage of endotoxic shock .
these results demonstrated that exogenous or endogenous cck reversed pah during endotoxic shock .
the endogenic compounds were removed with spe , and the structure information of the metabolites were got with nmr .
the method for resolving the nmr which included more than one metabolite was set up .
before testing the protocol , we must give the formal specification model avoiding misunderstanding the protocol .
in pricing supplementary pension products , it is very important to appropriately determine the discount rate used in the pricing model .
show fuzzy pricing methods are better than other methods for practical use and play an important role in managing interest rate risk of pricing .
emphasis is an important language phenomenon , which plays a significant role in language communication .
there are in english language many ways to achieve emphasis .
some commonly used means for emphasis are also the most effctive and effcient ones for the purpose of emphasis .
finally , an illustrative example applied to design the decoupled kalman tracking filter is given .
a simulation example shows its effectiveness .
these methods were successfully used in oil-gas resources estimation and seawater intrusion numerical simulation .
the distribution of o + ion originating from ionosphere in martian magnetosphere is theoretically studied in different interplanetary conditions .
global cooling and no tectonic activity are the major reasons of desertification , human action increases the speed of this process .
pollution of the environment has refuted the way of life and mode of production in western countries .
extraction , purification , and primary assay of " mad swimming symptoms " ( mss ) virus of anguilla anguilla were used by the modified method .
adding proteinase 's inhibitor ( pmsf ) and 1 % triton 100 could raise production of purified virus .
it is conclusion that the improving method could elevates the harvest of purifying virus , mss virus is a spheroid-virus .
the control group , tpo group , il-13 group and il-13 + tpo group are divided .
the methods of counting cells and 5-bromo-2 ' -deoxyuridine ( 5-brdu ) incorporation are used .
the proliferation of hel cells creased by 45 % , 54 % and 140 % in tpo group , il-13 group and il-13 + tpo group , respectively .
these resuts indicate that il-13 and tpo show the synergism on the proliferation of megakeryocyte line-hel cells .
to explore the rule of mrna expression of three isoforms of nitric oxide sythase ( nos ) and interrelation with nos activity in injured spinal cord tissue .
the levels of gene expression and activity of nos were measured by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction ( rt-pcr ) and spectrophotometry .
with the technique of electroporation , at 960 f , 400 v , the plasmid was transfected into human tendon cell .
several clones of transformed tendon cells were picked out following strict selection by hygromycin b. this work may lead the immortalization of tendon cell .
it would play an important role in tendon tissue engineering .
among them , sll and lbl expression of cd4\fas\fasl were weak or none , fcl was strong of them .
igg of schizophrenic patients being injected into lateral ventricle of rats resulted in dispirited , somnolence , decrease of movement and so on .
it is concluded that igg in schizophrenic patients can cause behavious disturbance and abnormal metabolism of amino-acids of experimental rats .
the purpose was to establish the relationship between cytokinin concentrations in rice roots and grains and proliferation of endosperm cells during grain filling period .
six rice genotypes ( including hybrid combinations ) were used in the experiment and the plants were grown in water culture with nutrient soluiton .
cytokinin ( zeatin + zeatin riboside ) concentrations were higher and reached a maximum earlier in roots than in grains .
the proliferation dynamics of endosperm cells were closely associated with the changes in cytokinin concentrations in roots and grains .
the results suggest that the proliferation rate of endosperm cells and grain filling are regulated by cytokinins in the roots and grains .
the results of initial experiments show that the discharge threshold voltage from this neon plasma light source was decreased into one third of original after using this c-fea .
oxygen is an important impurity in czsi single crystal , which is n't induced purposely .
oxygen comes from melting of crucible in crystal growth , and transport to free surface and crystal by thermal convection .
a model of combined flocculation is verified experimentally .
a new method for extracting bridge sectional flutter derivatives is presented , in which the sectional model is driven and controlled into steady state vibration in wind tunnel .
the experimental results of a thin plate model are proved the reliability of this method .
a theory of controlling and assessing environmental impact induced by tunnelling and underground works in urban areas is introduced .
this is a theoretical research on the environment disaster problems of underground works .
some test results demonstrate how to carry out the comparative method , and then some characters of this method are discussed .
in english writing , learning to write a good topic sentence is the first step towards a successful paragraph .
a topic sentence introduces not only the topic idea but provides also something of a framework , which will greatly facilitate the development of the paragraph .
metaphors in language are in nature highly suggestive , fictional and subjective .
processing metaphors is most likely affected by such factors as style of text , context and reader 's knowledge .
there still have not a method to judge flow pattern of gas-liquid two-phase variable mass flow in horizontal wellbore .
the transition energy is 692 1 kev , which provides crucial information on the strength of the spin-spin intetraction between and nucleon .
titanium dioxide which sintered in low temperature has well desulfurization character and pretty good prospect in engineering application .
specially ranging from 440 to 540c , it has the best adsorption property .
the crystal state of sorbent is an important factor for desulfurization .
the second peak could not be observed in other nucleuses .
the above suggested that the activity of reproduce and endorcrine in hypothalamus had close relation to thalamus and telencephalon .
our results indicated that mt level was slightly evaluated in pineal during seizure crisis . the evaluation of mt level was further potentiated with 30 min ea treatment .
meanwhile , the increases of eeg relative power induced by epilepsy diminished , and the degree of seizures also reduced .
the interested gene fragment was digested by two restriction enzymes , recovered from gel , and inserted into prok ii .
the 648 by of whole hifn- gene was successfully extracted .
these results indicated that hifn- gene can extract from pbmc and express in eukaryotic cells . it has the foundations for gene therapy against hbv infection .
to explore the feasibility of tissue engineered articular cartilage constructed by the technique of centrifuge tube culture .
and the chondrocytes of rabbits cultured in centrifuge tube were used to repair the defect of articular cartilage and injury of partial epiphyseal cartilage .
resullts showed the articular cartilage constructed by the technique of centrifuge tube culture was hyaline cartilage .
the result of repair in the partial articular cartilage defect and partial epiphyseal cartilage injury of rabbits were markedly better than that of control group .
it is concluded the method of centrifuge tube culture can be as a constructing technique of tissue engineered cartilage without scaffold material .
acetylspiramycini made the quantity of lactobacilli and total bacteria reduced while e.coli.increased ( p < 0.05 ) ;
olaguindox made the number of e.coli and ileum ph decreased ( p < 0.05 ) ;
bacteria zine made the number of lactobacilli increased and number of e.coli reduced ( p < 0.05 ) ;
the ileum ph decreased .
experimental results show that the actuator is more compact and available with big displacement and simple control structure .
an ultraintense ultrashort ti : sapphire laser facility was designed and constructed mainly based on home-made components .
the energy stability is better than 3 % , and the compact size is less than 3m2 .
fingerprint image enhancement and minutiae matching are two of the key problems in automated fingerprint identification system ( afis ) .
also a minutia metching algorithm , which modified jain . 's algorithm , was proposed .
experiments show thar our algorithm is fast and has high accuracy .
comparison results for spring constant determination of the same optical trap based on different methods are given , which demonstrates the improved precision and reproducibility .
the drought and flood in china are controlled by the orbit of the earth and the moon .
the great flood is concerned in global warming and strong earthquake .
the middle triassic finely disseminated gold deposits in northwest guangxi province of china occurr in turbidites .
a bicistronic retroviral vector containing the mdr1 and dhfr ( l22y ) genes was successfully constructed .
the successful construction of retroviral vector containing dual drug resistance genes is key process of following research .
sichuan gray jay is a rare endemic bird in west china . the field observations is presented in its natural habitat in zhuoni , gansu , china .
the plp modified protein derivatives did not show the intramolecular crosslinking .
it is obtained that the three methods got the similar results .
the results are demonstrated that restriction endonuclease analyse methods are easily to be influenced by many factors .
testing dna sequence methods cost much and take long time .
it may be a new member of genus orbivirus , and must pay attention to the nature focus disease caused by the virus .
the purpose is to evaluate the feasibility of fabrication of the tube-shaped cartilage for further repairing of trachea defact in a immunocompetent mammal of changfeng swine .
the tube shaped cartilage formed may explore the possibility of pre-construction of trachea for defect reconstruction in clinic .
then the shuttle plasmid p e1sp1a-hytk which contains cmv promotor and the adenovirus vector pbhg10 cotransfected 293 cells .
recombinant adenovirus vectors of defective replication were attained , which contained hsvtk gene and were infectious .
then to observe the effect of ganciclovir ( gcv ) to transgene cells .
by stander effect showed that 80 % gastric tumor cell could be killed when mixed with small quantity nci-n87-ad-hytk cells .
the ability of soft agarose colony test suggested that 2.0 g/ml gcv could inhibit the size and number of colonies .
it is conclused that gcv had strong and special killing effect to nci-n87-ad-hytk cells .
the tet-regulated expression system of trail on gastric carcinoma cell line nci-n87 was obtained .
inhibition kinetics studies showed that the inhibition by tea-polyphenol is noncompetitive inhibition in that the maximum velocity decreases but michaelis constant did n't vary .
tea-polyphend inhibiting urease is antagonized by bovine senum albumin .
with scanning-electron microscope , it was concluded that the hair density and length of balsam pear were not related to american leafminer adult 's feeding and ovipostional behaviors .
it suggests that the molecular hydrogen probably results from the radical hydrogen which probably exist in coal rocks in nature .
the molecular hydrogen ( h2 ) was first detected for the gases released from the coals that were collected in site of an event of coal-and-gas outburst .
reverse , the former of the outburst does emit the gas ( methane ) significantly less than the later .
the temperature behavior of aluminum bicrystals is studied through molecular-dynamics simulation using embedded-atom-method potential .
the effect of alloying elements on the environmental embrittlement of various intermetallics was investigated .
it is proved by auger that this suppression effect is due to its obvious reduction of the kinetics of the surface reaction with water vapor .
a behavior modeling technique for the second-generation switched-current building block circuits using vhdl-ams language is proposed .
soft morphological filters are a new class of morphological filters . they improve the performances of standard morphological filters in noisy conditions .
but design methods existing for these filters tend to be computationally intractable or require some expert knowledge of mathematical morphology .
concept of grey hybrid automata is introduced , and the definitions of grey hyperbolic hybrid automata and their whitening solutions are gived .
based on the models , existence conditions and whitening method of whitening solution for grey hyperbolic hybrid automata are prooposed .
selection of nitrification in biofilm was studied by model simulation and experiment .
primary results have showed the way is feasible .
the growth patterns of hircine non-antral follicles cultured in the an agar gel culture system resembled in vivo .
in a certain period of culture the three dimensional structures and the morphologies of follicles were maintained intact .
the primordial follicles could initiated and grow some .
the improved three-primer-method and four-primer-method save more time and cost less money than the usual two-primer-method .
the genetic purity of large white swine populations from different countries was studied based on the molecular structrue by random amplified polymorphic ( rapd ) method .
meanwhile , nitrogen retention ( nr ) was higher in canola and b than in a ( p < 0.05 ) ;
it suggested that either overheated or under-heated processing be critical for the quality of double-low rapeseed meal .
body weight gain ( bwg ) , feed / gain ( f/g ) , apparent nitrogen retention ratio and serum uric acid content were measured .
the results showed that decreasing broiler chick dietary cp to 18 % did n't influence performance ,
there was a significant reciprocal effect between thr and trp on bwg and f/g .
the groups received the same basal diet supplemented with 0,800mg / kg betaine and 2000mg / kg methionine for 36d .
compared with met-added group , betaine group promoted bhmt activity by 55.36 % ( p < 0.05 ) .
( 2 ) promoting growth by increasing gh and igf-1 levels in serum .
( 3 ) the genotype value of other 8 traits did n't have difference ( p > 0.05 ) .
blood samples were obtained from 109 yushu tibetan horses of zaduo county in qinghai province .
the gene heterozygosity , the gene homogeneity index and the number of effective allele on this locus were 0.5390,0.1915 and 2.1692 , respectively .
the results showed that there were significant differences on teat number of different generations .
the heritability of teat number was 0.331 .
the environmental correlations between teat number and all the reproductive traits were relative weak ( -0.002 ~ 0.094 ) .
the sod activity of male was higher than that of female .
papaa increasd serum gh concentration by 44.0 % ( p < 0.05 ) , decreased insulin by 23.4 % ( p < 0.05 ) .
papaa is involved in regulating the endocrine system to cause improved growth performance and carcass composition .
the storage and presevation of fresh eggs is an important problem .
the product had a bright colour , a smath mouthfeed and a delicate flavor .
however , there are still some quality problems , mainly the stability of the refined processed food is inferior to primary farm products .
after these protlucts on the market , the 5332700 yuan of total output value and 3352700 yuan of profits fax have been achieved directly in 1998 .
we estimate that the total output value and prof its tax usill reach 10440200 and 4250200 yuan respectively after 1999 .
this item has aehieved notable eronemic and sotial benefit .
the factor of browning during the process of the goods and control mehtod were studied in this text .
production regulation and technology key were introduced in this paper .
puality testing index and method on konjac snow processing were suggested .
to explore the pathogenic mechanism of intrinsic muscle contracture after replantation of severed palm or wrist , and put forward the prevention and treatment methods .
the pathogenic mechanism , clinical results , and prevention methods were studied in those 15 cases .
followed up 1 to 10 years , no recurrence was observed in all of 15 cases .
prevention of thumb adductor contracture and intrinsic muscle contracture is most important in severed palm or wrist replantation .
to introduce the surgical procedure and clinical result of microsurgical repair on collateral ligament rupture in the interphalangeal joint using superficial flexor tendon of finger .
extension splint fixation was performed 4 to 6 weeks postoperatively .
to improve the clinical result of repair on flexor tendon injury , and recover the defected finger function in children as far as possible .
all the defected fingers were healed by first intention .
to repair facial and neck scar using tissue expanding technique .
in the face , direct advanced flap was most common used , whereas in the neck , transposition flap was often used .
it was compared the advantages and disadvantages of several methods for repair of the defect after facial and neck scar excision .
fifteen cases had no secondary deformity after scar excision . among them , 1 case showed blood circulation disturbance and cured through dressing change .
ten cases were followed up and showed better color and texture in the flap , and satisfactory appearances .
tissue expanding technique is the best method for the repair of facial and neck scar , whenever there is enough expandable normal skin .
to establish an artificial bladder reflex arc in canines to reinnervate the neuropathic bladder and restore bladder function after spinal cord injury .
it involves a somatic reflex arc with a modified efferent branch which passes the somatic motor impulses to the bladder and initiates autonomic bladder detrusor contraction .
to investigate the clinical application of artificial blood vessel graft for arteriovenous fistulization .
the ptfe artificial vessel was 6 mm in diameter , and 40 cm in length .
the two ends of artificial vessel were end-to-side anastomosed with superficial cubital vein and cubital artery respectively .
all of arteriovenous fistulas were successfully formed , and could be performed hemodialysis periodically .
transfer of combined skin flaps vascularized by pedicle and vascular anastomosis is suitable to repair the soft tissue defect , especially in large area defect .
to investigate the clinical result and influence factors of prognosis after repair of ruptured achilles tendon with operative treatment .
postoperative infection and re-rupture were occurred in 6 cases respectively .
to investigate the therapeutical effect of treatment of ischemic necrosis of femoral head by the transfer of vascular pedicled iliac periosteum .
treating ischemic necrosis of femoral head by the transfer of vascular pedicled iliac periosteum has the advantage of constant pedicle , easily drawing materials and reliable therapeutical effect .
to study the biocompatibility of skin reproductive membrane .
the skin reproductive membrane has excellent biocompatibility in the level of the systematic , cellular and molecular biology .
to investigate the effect of meniscus suture on meniscus healing which included healing time and healing pattern .
the injuried meniscus was healed gradually and completely at the sixth week in the experimental groups .
more fibroblasts and less fibrocartilage cells could be observed in the healed meniscus .
oppositely , there was no meniscus healing in the control group and the edge of injuried meniscus was sealed by epithelioid cells .
besides , early suture make the injuried meniscus correctly positioned to ensure the normal healing process .
the composite was implanted in the iliac area in dog with the titanium implant at the same time .
to investigate the effect of intermittent pneumatic compression on prevention of deep venous thrombosis after operation of lower limbs .
among them , 24 cases were received total hip arthroplastics , 4 cases were received total knee arthroplastics and 12 cases were received dynamic hip screw .
intermittent pneumatic compression can significantly reduce the incidence rate of deep venous thrombosis after the operation of the lower limbs .
evaluated the defect length to repair arterial injuries between by end-to-end anastomoses and by vein graft by means of 95 % confidence interval .
the defect length of brachial artery , femoral artery and popliteal artery repaired by vein graft was linear correlation with the length of graft .
because of the longitudinal biomechanical difference of arteries and veins in human extremities , different options of repair are necessary to different arterial injuries .
to measure the length and extent of the injured blood vessels in an avulsion amputation model .
twenty rabbits were randomly divided into 2 groups . group a was a sharp amputation group , and group b was an avulsion amputation group .
the length and extent of the injured blood vessel was observed with naked eye , operation microscope and electronical microscope , and the limbs were replanted .
group a and b were explored at three days and ten days after the replantation respectively . the patency rate and healing process were compared .
the vessels of group b were damaged seriously , the end othelial cells were deleted . the " jumping-like " damage could be observed in the elastic fibers .
the injury of 2 to 3 mm away from the normal vessel wall could be observed by operation microscope .
the damage of avulsion amputation vessels was irregular ,
2 to 3 mm or more tissues should be excised under the microscope in the process of operation in order to ensure the healthy intact blood vessel walls .
to investigate the mechanism and to explore the measures of prevention and treatment of hypothermal vasoconstriction .
when reheating to 50c , vascular tension was decreased , but only changed in range of 28 % to 42 % .
to explore the relationship between the properties of compliance and the change of structure of components in anastomosed arteries .
the compliance of arteries was gradually decreased after anastomosis with peak-time on the 14th day .
the property of compliance of anastomosed arteries is closely related to the contents of the structural components .
the experimental group was subdivided into 3 groups , with 7 rats in each group , according to survival time of 24,48 and 72 hours after dose .
the effects of low dose aspirin on the coagulation system are inconsistent with its local effects on anastomotic sites .
to explore the mechanism of microvascular spasm after limb ischemia-reperfusion .
to investigate the clinical results of transposition of muscular skeletal flap pedicled with straight head of rectus femoris for treatment of avascular necrosis of adult femoral head .
the smith-peterson incision was used to expose the capsule of the hip .
finally , conventional decompression of head was performed .
to investigate the repairing result for the massive bony defects of upper and middle tibia and lower femur .
pedicled-fibula transposition is a choice method for repairing massive defects of tibia and femur .
to study the effect of collagen / hydroxyapatite ( cha ) instead of autogenous bone transplantation on repairing the mandibular defects .
it suggested that cha had good osteogenesis .
to explore the possibility of repair long segmental bone defects and preventing infection with cefazolin loaded bone matrix gelatin ( c-bmg ) .
c-bmg was made from putting cefazolin into bmg by vacuum adsorption and freeze-drying techniques .
the effective inhibition time to staphylococcus aureus of c-bmg was 22 days in vitro , while 14 days in vivo .
it suggested that c-bmg had excellent ability to repair segmental long bone defects .
to compare the effect of several types of rib rings with intercostal muscles for the replacement of trachea in thorax .
the stability of triangular rib ring was very well , but stricture of ring were often happened because of its smaller internal diameter .
these stability of quadrilateral rib ring was the worst .
to explore the sv40-mediated immortalization , the related factors and their roles in cell immortalization .
to investigate the selection and manufacture of ideal extracellular matrix materials in bone tissue engineering .
the design and manufacture of combined extracellular matrix materials in bone tissue engineering is a very important and urgent challenge .
to evaluate the histological characteristics of xenogeneic graft-versus-host disease ( gvhd ) , and to differentiate it from the allogeneic gvhd .
the original articles related to the characteristics of xenogeneic gvhd and the relationship between xenogeneic gvhd and allogeneic gvhd were widely reviewed in the past decade .
xenogeneic spleen transplantation could induce xenogeneic gvhd .
xenogeneic gvhd can be used as a model to mimic rejection in xenotransplantation and to evaluate the compatibility of xenotransplantation .
to define how to preserve the severed limbs to prolong the period of replantation .
when the enviroment of severed limbs was changed , the injures of skeletal muscle could be decreased .
after the severed limbs are reasonably preserved , the period of replantation may be prolonged .
to introduce the operation method of treatment of nonunion of scaphoid bone by transfer of pedicled radial periosteal bone flap .
it is an effective operation method to treat nonunion of scaphoid bone .
in 30 adult cadaveric upper limbs , the branches and constitutions of the dorsal carpal arterial networks were observed .
to investigate the effect of vasostomy on apo ptosis in the male rat spermatogenic cells after vasoligation .
to further explore the effects of fibroblast growth factor on soft tissue repair .
amounts of basic and clinical data showed that fibroblast growth factor was needed in embryonic development .
exogenous fibroblast growth factor could accelerate wound healing .
fibroblast growth factor is a bioactive protein which can obviously promote wound healing , it has broad prospects of clinical application .
to investigate the changes of fibroblast growth factor ( fgf ) in burn wounds .
fgf expression mainly concentrated in the middle layer of wound , and almost no fgf expression in normal skin .
the most fgf expression was occured at 14 days after injury in second degree of burn wound .
the changes of fgf in wounds are closely related to the wound healing , and rational use of fgf can promote wound healing .
to study the effect of therapeutic effect of heparin on wound healing of second-degree burned rats .
subcutaneous injection of heparin can promote wound healing .
to investigate the effect of nerve growth factor ( ngf ) on t he burn wound healing and to study the mechanism of burn wound healing .
six domestic pigs weighting around 20 kg were used as experimental animals .
twenty-four burn wound , each 2.5 cm in diameter , were induced on every pigs by scalding .
in hypertrophic scar , the localization and signal density of bfgf was similar with those in granulation tissues , but the staining of tgf- was negative .
bfgf may be involved in all process of formation of hypertrophic scar , but tgf- may only play roles in the early stage .
methods 1 to detect the expression and distribution of pdgfr- in normal skin and k e loid tissue by immunohistochemistry ;
2 to detect the receptor expression in v itro by flow cytometry ( fcm ) ;
3 to detect the subcellular distribution of receptor by laser confocal microscope .
results 1 immunohistochemi stry showed that normal skin and keloid tissue were almost the same in expression but different in distribution of pdgfr- ;
and the sub cellular distribution of pdgfr- was different in normal skin and keloid fibroblasts .
to review the effect of cytokines on repair of tendon injury and the relevant mechanism .
cytokines possibly can accelerate tendon repair and show great potentials in future clinical application .
to introduce the clinical application of long slender tubed flap constructed with " bridge " technique in the repair of nasal columell a defect .
by using the " bridge " technique , tubed flap can be made long and slender enough to provide relatively abundant tissue with adequate circulation and delicate contour .
however , this method is relatively time-consuming .
to observe the effects of silks on attachment , shape and function of chondrocytes cultured in vitro .
cells began to proliferate after 3 days and multiplicative growth was observed on the 6th day .
microholes of silk scaffolds were filled with chondro cytes 2 weeks later .
scanning electron microscopy showed that there was a lot of extracellular matrix surrounding cells .
and the number was even obviously lower in the experimental group when induced by 200 ng / ml than the control group ( p < 0.01 ) .
to comprehend the progress of tissue engineering research and speculate its developmental trends .
all papers came from 15 nations , in 6 languages and 140 journals ;
64.97 % came from united states and 25.79 % from england , netherlands and germany ;
93.95 % was in english ; 42.04 % was published on 15 journals . vacanti jp and 19 other authors presented 5 to 24 papers .
tissue engineering literatures mainly come from united states , england , netherlands and germany .
english is the major languag e.
j biomed mater res and 14 other journals are important journals about tissue engineering research .
to review the recent advances of hyaluronic acid and its derivatives in medical application .
recent original articles related to hyaluronan derivatives and their medical applications were retrieved extensively .
development of hyaluronan derivatives may widen their medical application .
to study the indication for operation , pre-and postoperative management and factors affecting the effects of thymectomy on myasthenia gravis ( mg ) in children .
thymus pathology showed lymphoid hyperplasia 12 cases , normal 7 cases , no thymoma found .
twelve cases received immunohistochemical studies .
thymectomy can be recommended for children with generalized mg , but the indication for ocular mg should be restricted .
for preschool children medical therapy is proper .
ventilator is useful for postoperative myasthenia crisis .
immunohistochemical patterns are helpful to assess the operative effects .
to operate on patients with congenital heart diseases through the right subaxillary minithoracotomy incision leading to minimal trauma and pain and better cosmetic effect .
there was no operative deaths .
cardiopulmonary bypass time were 18 to 66 minutes and 30 seconds , aortic cross-clamping time were 3 to 52 minutes .
postoperative duration of hospital stay were 6 to 12 days .
open heart operation performed through right subaxillary incision appear to get an excellent operative or clinical results .
to review the experience of surgical treatment of partial atrioventricular canal defect .
there were two early death ( 4.17 % ) , one patient died of heart arrhythmia , the second patient died of respiratory failure .
four patients have been re-operated for different reasons after the primary operation .
meantimes , the basic ph of stomach was tested .
there was no significance on stomach base pressure wave in two groups .
the stomach ph increased slightly ( mean ph = 3-4 ) .
the pressure wave of thoracic stomach appeared a relative high frequency and low peak value situation and the ph ascended slightly .
domperidoni and cisapridi had some effect on increasing the peak value of postoperative thoracic stomach . cisapridi was more effective than that of domperidoni .
the pathologic changes of the myocardium agreed with the pulmonary tissue changes .
it is possible to recognize the status of the heart and pulmonary vasculature by studying the degenerative alterations of the right atrial myocardiums .
the effects of surgical correction on qt dispersion ( qtd ) were studied in patients with congenital heart disease undergoing cardiac surgery on beating heart during extracorporeal circulation .
( 2 ) qtd may be an useful and valuable indicator in evaluating postoperative arrhythmia and the course of recovery .
group 2 , donor hearts were removed immediately after aortic clamping but preserved for 3 hours ;
group 3 , donor hearts were removed 5 minutes after aortic clamping and preserved for 3 hours ;
group 4 , donor hearts removed 10 minutes after aortic clamping and preserved for 1 hour .
the contraction power of myocardium and atp were 84.67 % and 78.8 % in group 1 as compared with those before ischemia ;
70.5 % and 57.7 % in group 2 ;
32.67 % and 50.7 % in group 3 , and 21.67 % and 49.7 % in group 4 .
electronmicroscopy of myocardium showed mild to moderate reversible change in group 1 ; moderate reversible change in group 2 ;
severe irreversible change in group 3 and group 4 .
to explore the relationship between p16 gene changes and the tumorigenesis as well as the development of esophageal carcinoma .
there were no significant differences in sex , length of tumor , location of tumor and type of pathology ( p0.05 ) .
the mutation of p16 gene occurred in esophageal carcinoma and played an important role in the tumorigenesis and development of esophageal carcinoma .
the cardioplegic infusion rate of 4-6ml/kg.min with subtotal coronary sinus occlusion could be beneficial to the myocardial preservation .
recent progress in clinical research for chest trauma was introduced .
clinicians should study the knowledge of evidence based medicine that could be used to direct the clinical research for chest trauma .
to explore the production of oxygen free radicals ( ofr ) and the effects of allopurinol on the cardiac valve replacement during cardiopulmonary bypass ( cpb ) .
recently , many articles reported some modified techniques of erc with the incidence of complications and mortality greatly decreased .
this article reviews the progress of the indication of the operation , surgical technique , management of complications and postoperative quality of life in erc .
omentopexy is an effective method for revascularization of tracheal graft .
of animal experiment showed that there was still graft-rejection after tracheal transplantation .
using immunosuppressant can obviously reduce graft-rejection , but it increased the infection rate of grafts .
using large dose of immunosuppressant early can inhibit graft-rejection after tracheal transplantation and can reduce rate of infection .
the tracheal structure is simple , and long-term preservation of grafts is possible .
long-term cryopreservation of tracheal grafts , which are preserved in euro-collin solution , is reliable .
this simple method can solve both donor shortage and immunosuppression problems .
to explore the influential factors of adapt behavior in pre-school children .
the development level of adapt behavior in childen is influened by mutil-factors , more attention should be pay to the early training of children .
to survey developing law of psychological behavior problems among pupils .
using " child behavior check-list , cbcl " for three years in succession .
to investigate the characters of the coping style of the patients with graves disease .
we have rated 82 adult patients with graves disease using coping style questionnaire ( csq ) and comparied with those of the normal controls .
the positive scores of coping style of the patients was notably lower than those of the normal controls , whereas the negative higher than the normal controls ' .
the scores of coping style are not significant different between the patients with different sexes , family history and education degree .
the patients with graves disease have bad coping style .
the rate of adverse effect events in the lef group was 8.3 % .
to explore the character features of patients with coronary heart disease .
methods 325 chd patients and 325 matched nomal subjects were studied with the susceptible character scale compiled by song weizhen
the susceptible characters ( 60.31 % ) in chd grorp were superior to those ( 31.38 % ) in the control group .
there was a unique feature of character in chd patients .
to study the treatment and rehabilitation effects of morita therapy on social phobia .
the patients were surveyed with sad before treatment , after treatment and in 6 months later . the treatment effect were assessed after treatment and 6 months later .
the total score of sad in morita therapy group was obviously lower than in drug therapy group .
the score of sad in morita therapy group lowered continually 6 months after the treatment process , but drug therapy group had no obvious change .
the treatment effect of morita therapy on social phobia was better than drug therapy .
to study imbalance of interaction between central dopamine ( da ) and serotonin ( 5-ht ) of schizophrenic patients with different subtype .
it was also found that bprs and it 's positive symptom correlated negatively with ratio of 5-ht / da in negative schizophrenia .
there were changes of interaction between central da and 5-ht in positive and negative schizophrenic patients .
the microcapsules in the pd rats ' brains were intact and th immunopositive pc12 cells could exist for 3 months postimplantation .
the rotational behavior of pd rats can be promoted by implantation of microencapsulated pc12 cells .
neuropsychological tests and brain spect are of help in the process of diagnosis and differentiation between ad and pd .
to explore the status and difference of sleep disorders between mental and manual labour professional population .
an epidemiology comparison study of sleep disorders among 11432 subjects between mental and manual labour professional populations was carried out .
the results showed that the prevalence of mental group was 11.58 % , higher than the manual group ( 6.74 % ) .
there are different characters of sleep disorders between mental and manual labour professional population .
with life events scales form for college students and neuroses chosen form , we measured all the students in henan medical college .
all kinds of quotas of life events stimulating quantity of medical students in one year is lower than common college students and the everage of total sample book .
we have found out neurosis 130 examples . the rate of finding out is 7.55 % .
to investigate the personality on different specialized profession students .
the stability of 16pf are high ( r = 0.314 ~ 0.838 , p = 0.02 ~ 0.0001 ) .
present-day different specialized profession students have different personality .
to reseach into the influence of mild iron dificiency anemia ( ida ) on learning and athletic abilities of early youth aged 12 ~ 13 years .
to select 30 cases of hemoglobin ( hb ) < 120g / l as the experimental group ( e ) and 30 cases of hb >
the data between two groups showed significant difference before the experiment and no difference after the experiment .
it should be noted that mild ida can influence the learning and athletic abilities of the students aged 12 ~ 13 years .
adquate diet , iron and vit c supplement can correct mild ida rapidly and recover the learning and athletic abilities .
to investigate the effects of ciliary neurotrophic factor ( cntf ) on behavioral disorder induced by stress in rat .
the open field behaviors were increase during acute stress and decrease during chronic stress in rats .
conclusion 500u l-1 and 1000u l-1 cntf could improve behavioral disorder induced by chronic stress .
to reasearch the characteristic of fatigue , depression , anxiety , life events and their correlation in the patients with chronic fatigue syndrome ( cfs ) .
significant depression and anxiety ;
more negative life events , especially on the aspects of family , work and study . 2 .
positive correlation was shown among the total fatigue value , the degree of anxiety and depression and the stimulation quantities of life events ( especially negative events ) .
to find out self-rated health on normal persons .
to draw up a clinical psychology nursing scale ( cpns ) to guide work and research of psychological nursing and care for patients .
218 inpatients were firstly tested and assessed with cpns-p .
data of the sample was analyzed by test of reliability and validity , factor analysis , correlation and regression in spss .
vitamin b6 affect learning and memory of the rats through modulating the synthesis of monoamino neurotransmitters in brain .
s100 + and nnos + cells were counted at a magnification of 400 , in four microscopic fields and assessed for statistical significance with one-way anova and lsd .
to study the possibility of measuring quality of life in patients with liver cancer by flic scale .
the quality of life in 105 patients with liver cancer was measured by qol-lc and flic simultaneously and the validity , reliability and responsiveness were analyzed .
the qol-lc is of better validity , reliability and responsiveness ;
the flic is of good validity , reliability and better responsiveness .
to understand bearing health 's needs of married women of minority nationality regions .
the pain threshold of rats were increased significantly by microinjecting l-name and mb into ventricular of brain .
these results suggested that an increase of no in brain produce hyperalgesia , and a decrease of no level produce analgesia .
the effects of nitric oxide on modulation of pain in central nervous system of rats may be partly mediated by no-cyclic gmp pathway .
to study the effects of morphine dependence on spatial learning and memory in rats and mice .
morphine dependence harms the spatial learning and memory in rats and mice
to explore the relationship between fd and depression and nuroendocrinologic mechanism .
the rate of depression in patients with fd was higher than normal group , which were 57.5 % and 17.4 % , respectively .
fd was related to depression . the lower contents of serum mt and plasma motilin was closely related to onset of fd with depression .
to research the relationship bet we en functional dyspepsia ( fd ) and psychological disorder .
the fd patients were treated with antidepressants , a ntianxietpoy drugs and marita therapy for two months .
all participants would complete epq , the self-rating depression scale ( sds ) and self-rating anxiety scale ( sas ) .
brain blood perfusion of 11 patients and 11 control subjects were evaluated by means of spect .
the results of spect demonstrate the existence of regional hypo-perfusion of brain blood of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus .
the medical condition and mental health were all related to the memorial impairment that has been associated with diabetes .
to explore the effect of the psychological intervention on the treatment of the senile diabetes .
anxiety , depression and hostility of the patients were eliminated after the treatment .
it significantly stabilized the patient 's emotion . at the same time , the somatic symptoms were improved .
the psychological intervention could promote the treatment and the recovery of the senile diabetes and we should pay more attention to it .
to examine the relationship between academical achievement and mental health of adolescents .
result 4 groups students were compared with ysr . the result shows significant difference .
the students of different character school were compared with ysr . the result also shows significant difference .
results demonstrate that academic achievement is important for understanding adolescent mental health problems .
to treat teenagers with primary dysmenorrhea , psychotherapy , should be paid more attention , after that the medicine aid .
to research the correlation between sleep quality and anxiety / depression in medical college students , and explore other influencing factors of sleep quality .
the prevalence of sleep disorders was 15.75 % , boys 9.42 % , girls 6.34 % , there was no significant difference between sex .
analysis of correlation showed that there was positive correlation between the scores of psqi and sas/sds .
to explore the relation between the psychological health level and immune function in the patients with npc .
the psychological health level of 61 patients with npc were assessed by symptom checklist-90 ( scl-90 ) and the immune functions were tested .
canonical correlation analysis was used to study their relationship .
the factors of anxiety , depression , positive item number were negatively related to igm and cd4/cd8 .
it instrumental in improving immune functions of the patients with npc to increase the psychological health level .
to research psychological state and personality character in patient with tia .
scl-90 and mmpi were used to assess 118 patients with tia and the result was compared with chinese norm .
the result indicated the patients with tia had somatic symptoms , depression , anxiety , phobia , personality change and the problems of memory , and sleep .
this article suggested there were psychological impairment and personality change in patients with tia .
findings indicate that the psycho-social intervention should be emphasized in sle patients to alleviate their psychosomatic symptoms .
to understand the concerning factors about mental health of the constantly-trained warship-crew
three groups of constantly-trained warship crewes were tested by cmi , scl-90 and emotional social loneliness scale .
mental intervention is necessory for the crew .
to explore the rational method in white coat hypertension ( wch ) treatment .
it is effective to treat wch and non-wch with kang song blood pressure depressor .
to study the related factors and interventions of attempted suicide woman in countryside .
attempted suicides had character disorder of anxiety , suspicion , depression , psychopathic and dereism . 22 cases in study group were diagnosed as psychosis .
attempt suicide behavior in countryside woman had some relation with charactor disorder , unhealth family environment and mental disorder . the results showed that active inteventions were needed .
to provide clinical data of biofeedback relaxation training used for awake blind tracheal intubation .
before operation , the test group had been administered biofeedback relaxation training for a week . the control group were not done the training .
( 2 ) there was no change in map and hr in the test group . map and hr increased significantly during intubation in the control group .
it is simple , effective and worthy of wide clinical application that biofeedback relaxation training is used in psychology-physiology adjustment for awake blind tracheal intubation .
to observe the effects of rectifying the psychological state on emotion of the chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients .
rectifying the psychological state is a very important method to treat and prevent the copd .
the coping characters and related factors of cancer patients ' were studied to provide theoretical basis of cancer clinical intervention .
there was significant correlation between resignation of mcmq with negative coping of tci , psychosomatic symptoms and other psychosocial factors respectively ;
resignation was the most negative coping strategy affecting psychosomatic health of cancer patients or even their rehabilitation .
psychological intervention should be focused on strengthening patients ' rehabilitation beliefs .
it was uncovered in a mutiple factors analysis that the main factors contributed to mg of pilots were emotion factors from symptom check-list 90 .
it is necessary to understand mg of pilots when take psychotherapy and counseling about pilots .
to study effects of hypoxia on the limb moving function of immigrants at high altitude .
to study the defense style and relevant factors on artillery testing personnel .
mental health and personality and social support influenced defense style , defense style have association with igg and c3 and ldh .
to investigate the traits of patients on plastic aesthetic surgery .
methods 85 patients on plastic surgery are inquired with eysenck personality questionnaire while 59 common persons are used as control group .
results 1 .
there is no significant difference in all 4 scales between postoperation group and normal control . 2 .
some patients can be change after undertaking the plastic surgery .
to investigate psychological symptoms and its correlative factors in the patients with tmjds .
methods 55 patients with tmjds and 39 healthy persons with age , education and career matched were evaluated by scl-90 , epq , sas and life event scale .
results 1 there were statistically significant differences in positive symptoms scores , anxiety scores and depress scores between experimental and control groups .
2 personality and negative life events had significant correlation with psychological symptoms of the patients with tmjds .
to investigate the relation between psychological factors and functional dyspepsia .
depression scales and anxiety scales were performed in 50 patients with fd using self-rating .
results 36 patients with fd ( 72 % ) had depression 40 patients ( 80 % ) had anxiety .
no significant difference was found in both depression and anxiety between male and female patients ( p > 0.05 ) .
to study the inevitable relationship of cause and effect between the knowledge mastered by the targets and behavior , especially contacting with infectious water , held by them .
the changes of mastering the knowledge and holding the behavior , mainly contacting infectious water were compared before and after health education .
to study the effect of exogenous cck-8 in hippocampus on light discrimination learning .
microinjection and radionimmunoassay were used .
results ( 1 ) the ability of light discrimination learning was significantly enhanced after injecting cck-8 into hippocampus ca3 area ;
after injecting l-365 + cck-8 into hippocampus ca3 area , the effect of cck-8 disappeared .
cck-8 can enhance the ability of learning and memory in rats . the effect may be related to cck-b receptor and glutamate transporter function in hippocampus .
to study effect of -amyloid protein ( ap ) on learning-memory and na + -k + atpase activity in the aging model of rats .
in the d-gal + ap rats , the abilities of learning-memory were remarkably attenuated , compared with other groups ( p < 0.05 , p < 0.01 ) ;
to observe the effect of shenshu ( bl23 ) -gesgy ( bl17 ) -baihui ( du20 ) electropuncture on learning dysmnesia of synthetic vascular dementia .
shenshu-geshu-baihui electropuncture can improve and increase the learning and memorizing ability of model mouse .
to observe pcb affect the ability of learning and memory in rats .
the ability of learning and memory in rats was inhibited by pcb .
to study the effects of hand- transmitted vibration on plasma concentrations of vascular endothelial substance .
the active substance of vascular endothelium plasma concentrations of vascular endothelial substance were measured in 64 coal miner drillers with various vibration exposure duration .
hand-transmitted vibration can result in the changes of plasma concentrations of vascular endothelial substance , which must be related to the vibration-induced vascular impairment .
to evaluate the efficacy of the psychological intervention on the treatment of graves disease .
meanwhile , those who received psychological intervention have higher therapy compliance , lower relapse rate .
the psychological intervention on graves disease can improve the patients ' capability of defending disease , decrease the relapse rate , short time of treatment .
to study the relationship between the types of temperament of children and the influence given by their parents .
types of temperament of children were closed related with their parents ' character , marriage condition and the methods of bringing up .
the quality of parents has important influence on the advancement of children ' psychological health and the formation of their good temperaments .
to explore the effect of parental rearing behaviour on personality and mental health of students .
results 1 .
there is a relativity between the parental rearing behaviour and personality of students .
2 . there is a statistic relativity between personality and the mental health level of students . 3 .
the mental problem of female students are more than male students .
there is statistic relativity between parental rearing behaviour and the form of personality and the mental health of students .
to study on the relapse to heroin dependence and influencing factors on voluntary detoxification , in order to provide scientific bases for voluntary detoxification .
adopt stratified sampling structural examination and the brief psychiatric rating scale ( bprs ) to measure for 107 heroin dependence in-patients .
this study showed that the third relapse or over was 59.8 % , and total relapse rate 91.5 % .
the major company was parent 29 % , spouse 18.7 % and other relatives 25.2 % .
the correlation analyses found that pearson correlation coefficients were 0.317 ( p
there was higher relapse percent among voluntary detoxification in patient .
the main company were parent , spouse and other relatives .
influencing factors on voluntary detoxification , first of all was insight and social function disorder , secondly , education levels , and thirdly , times of relapse .
to study the trait of hallucination .
hallucination was a experience without reality that cannot be differed from reality .
to study the behavior and emotion problems of behavior and emotion in the youth patients with mental disorders .
methods 96 youth patients with mental disorder were assessed with the youth self-report ( ysr ) .
the average value of ysr and various factors , not only in male but also in female , significantly higher in the study group than in the controls .
the prevalence rate was higher in the study group than in the controls on 98 percent point for the various factors and 90 percent point for total ysr .
the problems of behavior and emotion in the youth patient with mental disorders were more and severe .
the college students ' loneliness was studied .
college mental health services should reduced the students ' loneliness and improved their mental health level .
to test the reliability and validity of brief inside rating scale .
this scale had good reliability and validity .
to investigate that the introversion and extraversion personality are effective on the heart hemodynamics in the ventricle .
to explore the relation of the test anxity to self-acceptance and coping style .
lower self-acceptance , lower self-evaluation and affecttive-palliative coping style are some causes of the text anxiety .
to study the effect of psychic preparation on patients of carbon monoxide poisoning treated with hyperbaric oxygen .
there was no significant difference ( p > 0.1 ) between the observation group and the control group before the psychic preparation ,
to observe the adrs of rhegf in health and burned volunteers .
33 burned volunteers were treated with the same dosage as the healthy groups for 15 days but they also receive routine treatment .
no obvious stimulation and sensitization in both healthy and burned vounteers were observed and all of them have negative antigen test .
only 1 healthy volunteer experienced local itch and 1 burned volunteer felt a mild transition pain during application of the drug .
no obvious changes in physical sign and biochemical criterion and no hamartoplasia were observed .
rhegf has a wide safety and dosage range in external use and it is highly tolerable in both healthy and burned volunteers .
to investigate the effects of propofol on cerebral water content and lpo metabolism in rats model .
cortex samples were taken from rats in all groups at the fixed time of ischemic and reperfusion and the lpo and water contents were measured .
the cortex lpo content after reperfusion in rats with incomplete cerebral ischemia can be significantly by propo fol and their cerebral edema can also be relieved .
to study the effects of 5-ismn on anti-my ocardial ischemia and nitric oxide release in animal models .
and it may also reduce the myocardial ischemic stand lvedp induced by isp rats ( p0.05 , 0.01 ) but noobviou s effects on haemodynamic parameters .
the drug may antagonize reduction in coronary blood volume ( p0.05 , 0.01 ) evoked by posterior pituitary in guinea pigs .
domestic 5-ismn injection has been shown to have significant anti-myocardial ischemic effects but spontaneous release of no do not occur .
to study the effects of verapamil and purarin on apoptosis of cardiac myocytes in ischemic and reperfused rats .
apoptotic myocytes were detected with tunel ;
bcl-2 and bax were detected with immunhisochemistry .
apoptotic myocytes were not increased in ischemia-only group but significantly increased in ischemic and reperfused group ( p0.001 ) ;
the expression of bcl-2 and bax were in creased in ischemic , reperfused , and pretreatment groups .
the process can be accelerated by perfusion and inhibited by pre-treatment with verapamil or puerarin .
the expression of bcl-2 and bax were increased by ischemic stimulation .
to research chemical components from dried roots of uncaria yunanensis hsia . c.c . and to find out the active constituents of the plant .
all of the above compounds were isolated from the plant for the first time , among them tetrahydroalstonine showed activity of relaxing vascular smooth muscle .
the therapeutic window for digoxin in different patients was established through monitoring and analyzing serum digoxin level .
serum digoxin level is measured by fluorescence polarization immuoassay .
as conclusion the authors suggested that the effective serum digoxi nconcentration in patients with normal renal / hepatic function is ( 1.05 0.47 ) ng/ml .
to evaluate the efficacy and safety of do xofylline in treatment of asthma .
both doxph ylline and sustained theophylline have mild and tolerable side effects .
doxofylline is an effective and safe drug for treatment of asthma .
to study the efficacy and safety of rufloxac in .
the ad verse effects were mainly mild gi disturbances with an incidence of 12.5 % .
the results suggest that rufloxacin is effective in treatment of baterial infections with mild adverse reactions .
to verify the efficacy and safety of flero xacin glucose injection
a randomized , controlled open method was adopted in the study using ofloxacin glucose injection as reference .
fleroxacin glucose injection is an effective and safe antibiotic with broad antibacterial spectrum .
to compare the efficacy between levofloxacin and ofloxacin in the treatment of uninary infection .
each group was treated with levofloxacin or ofloxacin in a regimen of 0.1 ~ 0.2g , bid for 5 ~ 14 days for both .
levofloxacin may be more effective in the treatment of urinary tract infection than ofloxacin .
to study the effects of ginkgo biloba extract ( gbe ) and bilobalide on models of rat with parkinson 's disease .
gbe and bilobalide may be effective in prevention and treatment of parkinson 's disease .
problems in examination of related substances in nda file and theirs solutions were discussed in order to offer references for new drug applicants .
objectives : determination of 5-fluorouracil in microemulsion .
a linear limit of 4.25 ~ 21.25 g/ml and a mean recovery of ( 100.1 0.4 ) % were obtained .
a accurate method for determination of 5-fu in microemulsion is established and all interferences can be eliminated .
to analyze the correlation factor of adrs .
112 reports of adverse drug reactions collected during august 1996 to december 1998 , from 4 hospitals situated in shijingshan district of beijing were analyzed .
of the 112 reports of adrs , 75 ( 67 % ) were caused by anti-infective agents ;
as stated in the title . methods : the study was conducted in 218 patients with recurrent tuberculosis .
low blood potassium level was the main side effect in active group and pain and induration in injection site were the main side effects in control group .
to compare the efficacy and safety of azithromycin injection with erythromycin in treatment of respirtory tract infections .
significant difference in sympotom improvement was observed between groups ( p < 0.01 ) .
bacterial clearence rate was 81.58 % in active group versus 30.43 % in control group ( p < 0.01 )
and side effect rate was 13.00 % in azithromycin group versus 73.3 % in erythromycin group .
azithromycin reconstituted injection is a safe and effective agent for treatment of respiratory tract infections .
to demonstrate the efficacy , tolerability and safety of ferplex in treatment of iron deficiency anemia in pregnant women .
no change in liver and renal function and electrolate was observed .
to alert medical professionals that the basic principals in rational selection and use of antibiotics should be strictly abided by .
in the retrospective study , patients discharged from the hospital in 1988 including death were investigated for secondary fungal infections following antibiotics therapy .
there were 72 cases of secondary fungal infections in total and 46 had been occurred after antibiotic therapy .
of the 46 secondary fungal infections , 48 case-time were occurred to cepholosporins of the third generation .
[ wt hz ] methods : the energy metabolism and atp , adp , and amp in culturedhuvecs in ju red by endotoxin were measured .
to establish a capillaryzone electropho retic method for determining cetirizine in cetirizine hcl syrup .
capillary zone electrophoresis can be used to determine the content ofcctirizinc in cctirizinc hcl syrup .
to establish a method fordetermining lysine in naproxen dispersible tablets .
lysine in sample was determined spectrophotometrically at 565 nm .
a mean recovery of 99.29 % with a rsd of0.21 % ( n = 10 ) and a linear range of 1.792 ~ 8.964 g/ml was obtained .
objectives : determination ofciclosporin in sandimmin eye drops .
a mean recovery of 100.6 % ( n = 5 ) and a rsd of 0.5 % wereobtained .
to assess theefficacy and safety of bacillus licheniformis granular in treatment of acute diarrhea orbacterial dysentery .
bacterial clearance rate was 87.5 % in granulargroup vs 92.3 % in control group .
no side effect was observed in active group vs 1 case ofconsti pation in control group .
bacillus licheniformis granular is an effectiveand safe agent for treatment of acute infectious diarrhea and bacterial dysentery .
objectives : to evaluatethe efficacy and safety of le vofloxacin hcl in comparison with levofloxacin lactate intreatment bacterial infections .
the dose was 0.1g , bid for 7 ~ 14d .
objectives : as stated in thetitle .
lung function was measuredpro-and post-treatment to evaluate the efficacy .
zafirlukast ( accolate ) can inhibit th eearly-phase and late-phase responses of asthma .
objectives : to evaluate the safety ofbuprenorphine s ublingual tablet in treatment of pains .
the drug was given in aonce daily dose for 2 weeks to observe its adrs .
tostudy the effects of clopidogrel on antipla telet aggregation and antithrombotic inrats .
at oral doses 0.3,1,3mg / kg , clopidogrel significantly inhibit stasis-induced venousthrombosis formation .
the effectsof antiplatelet and antithr ombosis of clopidogrel better than that of ticlopidine .
to evaluatethe clinical anti-aggregating effect of clopidogrel on platelet .
the adp-induced plate let aggregation of cpg group was reducedsignificantly in comparison to pretreatment ( p < 0.01 ) .
on days 8 and 28 , the reduction ofadp ( 0.5 mol / l ) induced-pla telet aggregation was ( 28.7 22.5 ) and ( 28.8 23.4 ) ,
the rate of adverse events in cpg group was 8.85percent . tcp group was of 12.17 percent adverse event rate and higher bleeding rate inbulbar conjunctiva and skin .
what platelet plays in the acute ischemic events of cardiovasculardiseases , and the pharmacology and clinical application of clopidogrel are brieflyreviewed in this article .
for improving and shortening synthetic process and raising yield .
a shorter new process for synthesis of loxoprofen sodium is established with a yield of > 40 % .
in this paper , its pharmacodynamics , pharmacokinetics , clinical uses and adrs are reviewed .
it is worth to study further because its hopeful potential anticataract property .
to detect the in vitro anticancer activities of gbep .
to study the effects of 962 capsule , a compound traditional chinese medicine , on the learning and memory function and excitability of rats with basal forebrain injury .
962 has no significant effect on animals in open field test .
the learning and memory function of rats with basal forebrain injury can be improved by 962 treatment but no effect on excitation of animals was observed .
for rational use of drug in clinic , the pharmacokinetics of gatifloxacin hcl was studied in dogs and rats .
the serum protein binding rate in dogs was determined by dialysis method .
respective tmax were 1.27,1.78 , and 1.63h ;
respective t1 / 2ka were 0.28,0.45 , and 0.38h ;
respective t1 / 2ke were 5.78,6.51 , and 7.36h ;
respective auc were 19.32,36.22 , and 105.45 g.h/ml .
the urinary and bilitary accumulative excretion in rats were 53.24 % and 7.38 % within 48h administration of drug .
the serum protein binding rate in dogs was ( 14.45 1.19 ) % .
its chemical structure was conformed by elementary analysis , ir , 1h-nmr , and ms with a purity of > 99 % .
a practical route for synthesis of pidotimod was established by the authors .
to develop a hplc method for determination of apomorphine hcl in sublingual tablets .
a rapid , accurate , and reproducible hplc method for determination of apomorphine was established .
to establish a hplc method for determination of ciprofibrate and its related substances in tablets .
a simple , rapid , and precise hplc method for determination of ciprofibrate and its related substances was established .
to study the chromatographic behaviours of sparfloxacin in capsules on 3 ods columns .
to observe the efficacy and safety of arotinolol in treatment of 31 cases of essential tremor .
the scores of tremor was evaluated pro-and post-treatment and during the end of 2,4 , and 6 weeks .
arotinolol is an effective and safe agent for treatment of tremor .
to search for effective therapy for emotional disturbance after brain trauma .
side effects and recurrence were observed .
the emotional disturbance after brain trauma was significantly improved after paroxetine treatment in comparison with amitriptyline with a lower incidence of side effect and recurrence .
paroxetine is an effective agent for treatment of emotional disturbance after brain trauma .
to observe the clinical effects of keluoqu tablet ( klq ) in treatment of post-operative pains .
the total effective rate was 91.1 % in active group vs 19.0 % in control group ( p < 0.01 ) .
the mean pain relief time is 6.5h for klq vs 2.9h for placebo ( p < 0.01 ) .
klq is an effective agent for treatment of moderate to severe post-operative pains .
in patients with coronary diseases the notoginoside can increase their sod activity , decrease their lpo level and enhance their fibrinolytic function .
the level of serum hbv-dna , hbv markers and liver function were measured before and after treatment .
no patient 's h beag turned to negative .
to compare the efficacy of foscarnet sodium plus interferon therapy and interferon in treatment of chronic hepatitis b.
the negative turnover rate of serum dna of hbv was 69.5 % for combination group and 34.2 % for single interferon group ( p < 0.01 ) .
the normalization in serum alt and reduction in hbsag titer in combination group was better than those of single interferon group .
in treatment of patients with chronic hepatitis b , the antiviral effect of combination therapy is superior to that of interferon single therapy .
to study the clinical efficacy and safety of foscarnet sodium .
to discuss the safety and cost-effectiveness of empirical therapy of community-acquired pneumonia ( cap ) in out-patients .
the antibiotics ' expenditure and cost of therapy were obviously lower in oral antibiotics groups in comparison with infusion antibiotics groups .
aim : to compare the clinical efficacies and adverse reactions of huperzine a capsules and tablets in treating alzheimer disease ( ad ) .
the clinical efficacy was 69 % in the huperzine a capsule group and 57 % in the huperzine a tablet group ( p > 0.05 ) .
huperzine a capsules is similar to huperzine a tablets in treating mild to moderate ad patients .
aim : to compare the antimicrobial activity of cefepime with other five broad-spectrum beta-lactams .
employed e-test method to determine the minimum inhibiting concentration ( mic ) of antibiotics against 100 strains bacteria .
aim : to study ameliorating effects of glutathione in treating light or moderate liver injury resulted from antituberculosis drugs .
thirty-five patients of control group which stoppage of the regimen were not given glutathione treatment ,
2 groups were all given inositol 0.4 g , iv , gtt , qd and vitamin b1 10 mg , po , tid .
l-1 , ( -116 17 ) iu . l-1 , ( -74 14 ) mol .
l-1 ;
in control group , it was ( -34 41 ) iu .
l-1 , ( -40 14 ) iu . l-1 , ( -41 11 ) mol .
l-1 , respectively .
glutathione has marked ameliorating antituberculosis effects in treating light or moderate liver injury resulted from drugs .
aim : to evaluate the efficacy and safety of fleroxacin injection vs ciprofloxacin injection in treatment of acute bacterial infection .
but the bacterial clearance rate for fleroxacin ( 94 % ) was higher than that for ciprofloxacin ( 86 % , p < 0.05 ) .
the incidence of adverse reactions for fleroxacin and ciprofloxacin were 6 % and 8 % , respectively ( p > 0.05 ) .
fleroxacin injection is an effective and safe antibacterial for treatment of bacterial infection .
aim : to compare the efficacies and adverse reactions between domestic and imported cetirizine in treating chronic urticaria .
one hundred and thirteen patients with chronic urticaria were treated with cetirizine in double blind randomized trials .
the total response rates of the " domestic " and " imported " groups were 91 % and 88 % , respectively , ( p > 0.05 ) .
the adverse reactions in both groups were alike and slight .
both domestic and imported cetirizine are effective and safe in treating chronic urticaria .
aim : to observe the efficacy of cimetidine prevent hypertensive cerebral hemorrhage complicated with stress ulcer hemorrhage .
cimetidine group received cimetidine 0.4 g , iv drip bid 14 d.
intravenous drip of cimetidine is effective in preventing hypertensive cerebral hemorrhage complicated with stress ulcer hemorrhage .
aim : to observe the efficiency of clindamycin phosphate gel ( cpg ) in the treatment of acne .
resutls : the improvement of symptoms in 3 groups after treatment were move evident than that before treatment ( p < 0.05 or p < 0.01 ) .
no significant differences were found between group i and ii ( p > 0.05 ) .
cpg is an effective drug in treating acne .
aim : to compare the effect and safety of tea-pigment and gemfibrozil in treating hyperlipidemia and complication of high uric acid .
and 45 patients ( m 29 , f 16 , age 64 5 a ) received gemfibrozil 300 mg , po , tid for 60 d.
no remarkable adverse reaction was found in tea-pigment group , while transient elevation of serum alt was observed in 19 patients ( 42 % ) in gembibrozil group .
tea-pigment is a good drug in adjusting serum lipid and reducing serum uric acid tea-pigment in adjusting serum lipid effect is equal to gemfibrozil .
aim : to compare the effect of octreotide and gabexate in treating acute pancreatitis .
sixty-one patients with acute pancreatitis ( 12 of severe and 49 of edema type ) were divided into 2 groups randomly .
in severe type , these time parameters were significant shorter in octreotide group than in gabexate group ( p < 0.05 ) .
the effects of octreotide and gabexate are similar in treating edema type pancreatitis and the former is better in treating severe type one .
the combined therapy with am and sm is better than sm alone for patients with acute cerebral ischemia infarction .
aim : to compare the efficacies of huperzine a ( hup-a ) capsule and hup-a tablet in patients with benign senescent forgetfulness .
22 patients ( m 20 , f 2 ; age 63 a 7 a ) in group b ( control group ) received hup-a tablet .
but no sig-nificant differences between the two groups ( p > 0.05 ) .
no severe adverse reactions was found in both groups .
there is equal efficacy and safety between hup-a capsule and tablet in treating benign senescent forgetfulness .
aim : to evaluate the clinical efficacy and safety of cefoperazone / sulbactam in the treatment of lower respiratory tract infections , and its susceptibility rate for bacteria .
the susceptibility rates of the bacteria to cefoperazone / sulbactam were tested in 738 pathogens isolated from the whole hospital specimens .
the overall clinical efficacy rate of cefoperazone / sulbactam was 92 % , the bacterialogical clearance rate was 84 % .
aim : to study the heparin tolerance of coagulative system in glomerulonephritic patients .
aim : to evaluate the efficacy and safety of mycophenolate mofetil ( mmf ) in the prevention of acute rejection in renal transplantation .
the study lasted for 6 mo .
side effects in digestive system , liver , and including infections were similar in 2 groups ( p > 0.05 ) .
mmf is an effective and safe immunosuppressant for prevention of acute rejection in renal transplantation .
aim : to compare the effects and adverse reactions of chlorpromazine-pearl tablet vs chlorpromazine in treating schizophrenia .
each group started with lower dose and continuously treated for 6 wk .
the incidence of tachycardia , constipation , mouth drying , etc in group a was lower than that in group b ( p < 0.05 ) .
1607 nmol . l-1 628 nmol . l-1 and 1987 nmol . l-1 1010 nmol . l-1 were in group b ( p < 0.01 ) .
chlorpromazine-pearl tablet has similar effect to chlorpromazine , but its dose is lower and adverse reactions are less .
aim : to evaluate the clinical efficacy of tacrine in treating mild to moderate alzheimer disease ( ad ) .
the daily doses of both groups were augmented 40 mg every six weeks and the highest doses were 40 mg , po , qid .
the whole treatment lasted for 24 wk .
side effects of tacrine involve mainly in the gastro-intestinal system , including the elevation of alt ( 12 % ) .
tacrine is effective in treating mild to moderate ad patients .
using a rat anti s-100 protein antibody , we studied the nerve innervation of the human finger 's skin by the immunohistochemical method .
results ( 1 ) cutaneous nerves were found below the epidermis and around the vascular plexus in the papilary layer of dermis .
( 3 ) cutaneous nerves encircled lipocytes and made up nerve network in the hypodermis where many nerve trunks were observed .
conclusions ( 1 ) it is an effective method with s-100 protien to label the schwann cell in the nerve fibers .
( 2 ) cutaneous nerves exist in the dermis and hypodermis broadly . they went with the tiny blood vessels .
cutaneous microcirculation was measured in heart failure rat model induced by ascending aorta banding .
cutaneous blood flow , velocity and volume were measured by laser doppler flowmetry in heart failure rats and healthy rats .
blood velocity reduction may be an important feature of cutaneous microcirculation in heart failure rat model induced by ascending aorta banding .
to study application of trypan_blue in the perfused liver to investigate the microcirculatory changes .
the endotoxemia played an important role in hepatic microcirculatory disturbance and the latter could cause liver cell damage .
this method could evaluate changes of hepatic microcirulation and the necrotic regions of the liver lobule .
it is a good method in studying hepatic microcirculatory disturbance .
to explore the effect and mechanism of intravascular laser irradiation on blood ( ilib ) of the patients with bronchial asthma .
to explore the significance of myocyte apoptosis in acute myocardial infarction ( ami ) .
dna laddering on agarose gel electrophoresis showed that the dna fragments of about 180-200 bp were found only in those patients with involvement of two and three vessels .
myocyte apoptosis may play a key role in the process of myocyte death in infarct area in patients with sudden death caused by ami .
ventricular fibrillation and ( or ) tachycardia might be in relationship with reentry during early ischemia and reperfusion in acute myocardial infarction .
these studies also showed that flammulin , a presumable antitumor pharmaceutical , was easy to be stored for a relatively long time without much activity loss .
the messl expressed in mammalian cells showed kinase activity to mbp , as well as autophosphorylation .
messl was activated by the stress of arsenite but not activated by mitogenic stimulation of egf .
additioa of a molar excess of hydrogen peroxide to the native enzyme yielded compound iii , characterized by absorption maxima at 418 , 543 and 578 nm .
the effect of spore germination and pathogenecity of 4 parasitic fungi by 3 solvents and temperature was investigated .
the spore germination was enhanced by 2 % sucrose for alternatia tenuis
and by 0.1 % tuwen-80 for pestalotiopsis guepinii .
high temperature resulted in high pathogenecity .
the temperature for infection dodders in vitro was lower for f. semitectum and a.tenuis than that for p.guepinii .
their dna base compositions were 43.7 % , 39.1 % and 66.8 % respectively .
to investigate the familial aggregation of sodium sensitive hypertension and its related factors .
these results suggest that sodium sensitivity and its related factors are familial aggregated which is related with heredity .
to investigate the roles of expression of multiple genetic markers in the development and progress of human gliomas .
pcna l1 was correlated with the expression of p53 and p21ras ( p0.05 ) .
to investigate the induction effects of retinoids on the differentiation of cultured bel-7402 human liver cancer cells .
the results suggest that retinoids is an effective differentiation revulsiva of bel-7402 human liver cancer cells .
to investigate whether schwann cells ( scs ) and fibronectin ( fn ) could promote the function recovery of scathing spinal cords in adult rats .
schwann cells together with fibronectin grafted to hemi-resected lumbar spinal cords in adult rats can promote partial conductive function repair of scathing spinal cords .
the gene polymorphism of apoe gene and bche gene were genotyped in 38 ad patients and 40 control cases with pcr-rflp analysis .
ad was associated with apoe 4 allele , and there was no association between ad and bche gene polymorphism .
in chinese , the apoe 4 allele is a risk factor of ad , whereas bche-k allele is not a risk factor of ad .
to study the effect of escharectomy on intestinal mucosal injury during postburn shock stage .
plasma levels of dao , lactic acid , lps increased obviously after burn injury .
these data suggest that escharectomy during burn shock stage may be beneficial in attenuating the intestinal barrier dysfunction .
male spraguedawley rats were divided into normal control , sham operation control and injury group .
the expression of cfos and cjun was determined by immunohistochemistry .
thirty minutes after percussion , fos positive neurons increase d bilaterally and progressively in cerebral cortex , peaking at 720 minutes .
the area of jun positive neurons increased at 120 minutes after percussion , peaking at 720 minutes .
to establish quantification system based on the manageable risk factors associated with the development of postthoracic surgery acute respiratory failure ( arf ) .
logistic regression was processed for analysing the manageable risk factors and establishing logistic equation .
variables selected to be important included nutritional condition , cigarets index , lung function and surgical procedures .
rat peritoneal macrophages were cultured to test the inhibitory effect of the tripeptide on inos .
also , rat isolated aortic slices were incubated to test the inhibitory effect of the tripe ptide on cnos .
increased uua excretion indicates inadequancy of energetic metabolism in tissue cells . it is an useful indicator to reflect the existence of tissue hypoxia .
image fractal dimension is a useful measure which can be used to characterize features of images .
moreover , a composite evaluation function that includes region uniformity , gray contrast , shape parameter and fuzzy measure is presented .
to study the relationship between advanced glycation end products ( ages ) and the changes of diabetic glomerulus .
aminoguanidine reduced ages and pdgf-a in glomerulus , and diminished the above histological changes at the same time .
ages is an important factor in the changes of diabetic glomerulus , and , perhaps , pdgf-a plays a role in its pathogenesis .
the tka activation was measured and the function of kinin-system was changed by the antagonist of bradykinin b2 receptor-hoe 140 and kallikrein .
the activation of kinin-system was inhibited in diabetes . the improvement of the system 's activation could be benefit to diabetic nephropathy .
to observe the effect of losartan on urinary albumin excretion in streptozotocin diabetic rats .
urinary albumin was observed at the 4th , 8th , 12th and 16th week .
urinary albumin excretion of diabetic rats treated with losartan or perindopril were significantly lower than that of diabetic untreated group ( p < 0.01 ) .
the effect was not different between losartan treated and perindopril treated rats . conclusion the results suggested that losartan can reduce urinary albumin excretion in diabetic rats .
to investigate the protective effects and mechanism of taurine against high glucose induced damage to vascular endothelial cells .
and malondialdehyde ( mda ) content was determined by the method described by schuh . the nitric oxide ( no ) was measured by means of griess reaction .
the comparison experiments with the full use of resistant varieties combined rationally with cultural practices and other field management measures ,
two varieties beta4006 and beta4035 , shown that were very promising in integrated characters .
average sugar content was 15.0 % , increased 3.49 percentage points than ck .
for sugarbeet damping-off controlling , we need different chemicals , we have found that the seeds treated with two or three chemicals mixtured could be got good results ,
, the result shown that more webworm harm to the centre and west part of heilongjiang province in 1995 ~ 1998 .
the prosperity period is in the early of june and down in the end of june ,
two groups weresimilar with anatibiotics for 7 d to 10 d. all patients were follow up for 6 mo .
in treated group , times of lower repiratory tract infection and dosage of antibiotics wereobviousely decrease . infection duration were shorten . there were no adverse reactions .
biostim is an effective and saft drug in improvation of repeat lower respiratory tractinfection in copd .
aim : to estimate the efficacy of xuezhikang vs lovastatin in treating hyperlipidemia .
these two drugs both were safe and effective in hyperlipidemia and xuezhikang is cheaper .
aim : to observe the efficacy ofamlodipine on glucose tolerance decrease in patients with chronic kidney failure ( ckf ) .
l-1 0.9 ng . l-1 , the difference was significant after treatment and before treatment ( p < 0.01 ) .
amlodipine can improve the glucose metabolism disorder of patients with ckf .
aim : to observe the effect and adverse reaction of sinomenine combined with methotrexate intreating rheumatoid arthritis .
three months was a course of treatment .
the rate of adverse reaction was47 % in the control group and 12 % in the sinomenine group .
sinomenine combinedwith methotrexate can reduce dosage of the drugs in treating rheamatoid arthritis , increase the appropriateness of patient treatment , and decrease the adverse reaction .
aim : to determine efficacy and adverse reactions of domestic clarithromycin combined short-termtriple therapy for eradication of helicobacter pylori ( hp ) .
one month after anti-hp therapy endoscopy and tests of hp wererepeated .
the results between group a and group b showed no significantdifference ( p > 0.05 ) .
before and after treatment , all patients were examined cbf and cerebral function .
nicergoline and salvia miltiorrhiza has a goodeffect for treatment of cerebral infarction and can make cbf cerebral function improved .
aim : to determine the safety and efficacy of small dose simvastatin and lovastatin inhyperchlolesterolemia .
in the two groups the adverse reaction were mild .
small dose simvastatin and lovastatin intreating hyperlipidemia has better effect and safe .
aim : to analyse the pharmacological actions and mechanisms of buflomedil on isolated peripheralblood vessels in rats .
the tension experiment of isolated vascular smooth muscleswas used to study the effect of buflomedil on contractions induced by several drugs in ratcaudal artery and thoracic aorta .
aim : to compare the curative effects on knee osteoarthritis ( oa ) between imported and domesticsodium hyaluronate ( sh ) .
sh of 2.5 ml ( 25 mg ) was injectedintra-articularly each time per week , and 5 wk as a course .
the imported sh is superior to the domestic in treating oa .
aim : to observe the efficacy of perindopril on serum digoxin and renal function in patientswith chronic congestive heart failure ( cchf ) .
perindopril can improve kidney function inpatients with cchf and does not increase serum digoxin concentration .
aim : to observe the effect of in mecobalamin in treating cubital tunnel syndrome .
all patients were folowedup 6 mo using emg and clinical examination .
the treatment outcome of mecobalamin group was better than thevitamin b1 group ( p < 0.05 ) .
mecobalamin can promot thepostoperative recovery of cubital tunnel syndrome .
aim : to evaluate the efficacy of mecobalamin in the treatment of glaucoma visual field damage .
mecobalamin has a steady effect on glaucomavisual field damage .
aim : to investigate the effects of dalteparin sodium on the blood flow velocity in variousdiameter of vessels and blood rheology in type 2 diabetes .
therapy with losartan in elderly eh patients can not only effectivelydecrease blood pressure and plasma et but also beneficialy reverse lvh .
sktg was safe in toxicology and had the function of eliminatinglocal pain .
the hyperema andedemas caused by acute injury of rats thigh soft tissues were significantly releasedthrogh pathologic observation after administering .
sktg is a new and good plaster used to improve the pain of softtissue induced by injury .
aim : to observe the therapeuticefficacy of alendronate in the treatment of osteoporosis in old women .
the clinical effective rate on backach in group c and b was higherthan that in group a.
aim : to evaluate the effects of glutathione in treating acute kidney injury resulted fromvarious drugs .
glutathione hasobvious effect for acute kidney injury resulted from various drugs .
i : the right atrial mapping and extensive entrainment was performed in 12 patients with ongoing afl .
conduction velocities was measured around the tricuspid annulus ( ta ) .
no fixed zone of slow conduction was found in afl reentry circuit , lateral and septal annus was a one of slow conduction in majority pts .
ii : the posterior ra was mapped during pacing of the coronary sinus ( cs ) in 7 pts with afl and 6 pts without afl .
the ct was identified by the presence of dp in reconstruction of the ra .
no fixed zone of slow conduction was found in human afl circuit , but a zone of slow conduction was located in lateral and septal aspect along theta ;
the endpoint of successful ablation included inability to induce atrial flutter and complete bidirectional conduction block at isthmus .
the endpoint was achieved in forty patients ( 97.6 % ) without any complication .
the numbers of radiofrequency application and procedure time were not significantly different in both groups .
during a mean follow-up of 12.4 6.8 months , two patients ( pi group ) experienced atrial flutter recurrence .
of them , 22 patients had a history of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation .
the mean ventricular rate druing atrial fibrillation with rapid anterograde conduction over the accessory pathways was 171 32 bpm ( range 132 to 237 bpm ) .
radiofrequency catheter ablation of manifest accessory pathway during atrial fibrillation is feasible with a high success rate .
we undertook this study to measure the direct lead parameters of implanted ventricular leads in the patents with pulse generator replacement .
aim : to investigate the antihypertensive efficacy of extended release felodipine tablet byambulatory blood pressure monitoring ( abpm ) .
the trough / peak ratio ( t/p ) ofextended release felodipine tablet for systolic and diastolic blood pressure were 0.64 0.23,0.70 0.22 .
aim : to investigate simple and effectiveways for hemangioma tretment .
the results showed thatthe total effective rate was 94 % in 6 mo ~ 1 a follow up .
aim : to analyze the effect ofbenazapril in the treatment of proteinuria , hypertension and parameters of renal functionin azotemia patients .
aim : to evaluate the safety and adverse reactions of levofloxacin in preventing and treatinginfection after kidney transplantation .
the treatment course of two groups were all 7 ~ 14 d.
there was no significant difference between two groups ( p > 0.05 ) .
it is safe and reliable as cefotaxime to prevent and treat infection after kidneytransplantation with the mid-doses levofloxacin .
otherwise , the transitional cells were also found in the posterior wall of the right atrium .
and reduced ica-lmax12.8 % , 35.9 % and 46.4 % , respectively ( n = 8 , p < 0.01 ) .
sin shifted the i-v curve of ina and ica-l without change of their peak current potentials .
sin delayed the recovery time course of ina from inactive state in dose dependant manner .
which may contribute to its antiarrhythmic effect .
emergency bedside temporary cardiac pacing with ball-tipped electrode is a safe and effective method in patients with serious cardiac arrhythmia .
the voltage dispersion was calculated every 10 ms during the repolarization process which allowed us to construct individual " dispersion curves " .
meanwhile , ischemia caused an increase of the dispersion cueve peak and the left shift of the curve peak along with an increase of the width of vw .
the purpose of this research is to investigate the origin of early afterdepolarization ( ead ) and its relationship with ventricular arrhyhmia in the rabbit in vivo .
( 1 ) sotalol increased dose-dependently the incidence of ead and torsade de pointes ( tdp ) .
after intravenous administration of 0.5 mg / kg and 1.0 mg / kg sotalol , no ead and tdp occurred .
when 1.5 mg / kg sotalol injected , ead appeared in 3 of 12 rabbits , in which tdp was induced in 1 rabbit .
at 10 minutes after administration of the drug , thp had no effect on erp , mapd50 and mapd90 ( p > 0.05 ) .
we developed an apparatus for studying cardiac electric activities in isolated hearts of small animals .
12 cases of acute cardiac tamponade encountered in radiofrequency catheter ablation of 938 cases of different tachycardias were reported .
understanding these causes is helpful for taking effective strategies to prevent the occurence of cardiac tamponade .
pericardiocentesis is a simple , safe and effective therapy for acute cardiac tamponade .
thirty rabbits were divided into two groups at random . induction of chronic congestive heart failure was attemped in 20 rabbits by adriamycin .
the others were controlled .
the average value of effective refractory period dispersion ( erpd ) and erp / apd were 31 14 ms and 0.89 0.08 respectively .
electrophysiologic study ( eps ) and rfca were performed in one session .
in one case of dilated cardiomyopathy , vt could not be induced after right branch bundle had been ablated .
no vt recurred in all the above four cases during follow-up from 10 months to 7 years .
all the 4 patients had history of recurrent ventricular arrhythmia , 100 percent recurrent rate .
patients were treated with icd which terminated malignant arrhythmia and recovered it to sinus rhythm successfully with 100 percent effective rate .
2 patients died of non-arrhythmic agent .
malignant ventricular arrhythmia had higher recurrent rate and was detrimental to life . the antiarrhythmic drugs can reduce episodes of vt / vf but not control absolutely .
hence , we must pay great attention to treat the heart disease and prevent other diseases after implantation icd .
to evaluate radiofrequency catheter ablation ( rfca ) endpoint in patients with left accessory pathways by pacing in left ventricle ( lv ) .
from july 1993 to march 1999 , electrophysiologic testing and rfca in 64 patients with left accessory pathway ( ap ) had been performed routinely .
the patients were followed up for 1 month to 1 year .
fifty patients in group a consisted of 17 manifest preexcitation and 33 concealed ap .
delta wave in 1 patient reappeared 3 hours after ablation , and rfca was failed in 1 patient with manifest preexcitation .
14 patients in group b consisted of 9 manifest preexcitation , 5 concealed ap .
there was not recurrency in group b
this study measures the changes of atrial effective refractory period ( erp ) and its rate adaptation after spontaneous paroxysmal atrial fibrillation ( af ) in humans .
the post-af erp returned to the pre-af erp value after about 10 minutes .
in human , paroxysmal af of several minutes is sufficient to shorten the erp and can cause erp maladaptation to rate .
pts were followed-up in clinics or by inquisition for more than six months .
all pts have got the end point of posterior isthmus complete block without afl recurrence in 21.8 5.6 month 's follow-up .
in afl ablation group , there was not one case who showed posterior isthmus complete block after afl was terminated by ablation .
the procedure time , fluoroscopy time and energy delivery time in pace ablation group were significantly shorter than those in other two groups ( p < 0.05 ) .
positive double potential along the ablation line was recorded in only 37.5 % pts after successful ablation .
1all three ablation methods ( afl ablation , pace ablation and sinus ablation ) could be used to get a satisfactory long-term effect in the treatment of afl .
2the most important ablation end point is the complete isthmus conduction block .
3double potential mapping during procedure can not replace the posterior isthmus block as an ablation end point .
the aim of this study is to evaluate the therapeutic efficacy of dual sites right ventricular pacing in 15 patients with dilated cardiomyopathy .
these results showed that the dual sites pacing in the right ventricular may be beneficial to the heart failure of dilated cardiomyopathy .
to identify the clinical efficacy of pacing at dual sites of right ventricule and the feasibility of its implantation .
cardiac function and the pacemaker syndrome were improved significantly as well as arrhythmias being controlled after implantation .
eeach group were tilted upright to 70 degrees for 30 minutes as baseline head-up tilt testing ( bhut ) .
group a:five of forty-five patients ( 11.1 % ) had positive response to bhut , another nineteen ( 42.2 % ) to ihut .
the results of transcatheter atrial synchronous defibrillation to terminate 9 patients with peroxysmal atrial fibrillation ( af ) during radiofrequency catheter ablation were reported .
among 9 patients , there were 5 patients with the history of af , and 4 patients were induced in the process of intracardiac electrophysiological examination .
for all patients , no tranquilizer was used , and no complication occurred .
multisite ablation were essential in 90 % of patients for eliminating slow pathways .
the above mentioned parameters were also significantly improved compared with those before pacing in control group .
short atrioventricular interval physiological pacing may improve acute hemodynamic effect and echocardiography parameters in patients with heart failure .
anticoagulants , antiplatelet and vasodilators were not administered 5 days before test .
there were significant differences between the group of pregnancy with ventricular arrhythmias and without ventricular arrhythmias ( p < 0.05 ) .
the pregnancy with ventricular arrhythmias may be related with balance reduction of autonomic nervous function .
heart rate variability has reference significance for assessment cardiovascular autonomic function in pregnant women .
this paper reports electrocardiophysiologic features and ablation treatment of two patients with right-free-wall manifest accessory pathway ( ap ) complicated right septal slow ap .
it was concluded that two patients had manifest right-free-wall and septal slow aps . right-free-wall ap covered av conduction of septal slow ap .
because the normal av conduction ( avn-hps ) was slower than the septal slow aps , the septal slow aps could appear their av conduction .
remote organ ischemic preconditioning ( rpc ) may reduce heart infarct size following myocardium ischemia and reperfusion .
we aim to observe the effects of rpc on regional myocardial blood flow ( mbf ) and ischemic arrhythmia after consecutive coronary artery occlusion and reperfusion .
rpc improves myocardial blood flow and reduces post-ischemic arrhythmia after coronary artery occlusion and reperfusion , which may have potential clinical significance .
compared with ir group , ultrastructural damage of right atrial myocardium of ip group was reduced obviously ,
both the digital and analog cellular phone can lead to interference , but the former predominated over the latter .
to investigate the regulatory mechanism of stress on expression of immediate early gene c-fos and the relation to crfmrna , hpa pathway and behavior in rats .
to investigate changes of psychological status , immune function and blood ldh level of serviceman before and after an artillery test .
self-control design was used to assess one hundred subjects by scl-90 and epq .
their blood levels of iga , igg , igm , c3 , c4and ldh were detected .
fine psychological resource , healthy personality and physical immune function are important factors to enhance the ability of serviceman to cope with stress .
to explore psychological health level in paratroopers before and after anti-flood rescue .
it suggests that stressful anti-flood rescue does n't compromise but promote mental health of soldiers .
to explore long term effects of tangshan earthquake on psychosomatic health of earthquake orphans .
the scores of cognitive tests in diabetes group were significantly lower than those in control group .
the hypo-prefusion of cerebral blood flow and thereby inhibition of brain function may be responsible directly for impairment of cognitive function .
to explore effects and interaction of psychosocial factors in the onset of non-insulin dependence diabetes mellitus ( niddm ) .
to determine the depressive symptoms in patients with type ii diabetes and to investigate the effects of diabetes education and psychological intervention on these symptoms .
the depressive scores of sds and hamd in diabetes group were significantly higher than those in normal group .
after diabetes education and psychological intervention , depressive symptoms and glucose metabolism were significantly improved .
depressive symptoms are commonly accompanied in type ii diabetes patients , and diabetes education and psychological intervention can improve glucose metabolism and depressive symptoms and deserve be recommended .
to investigate the therapeutic effects of diabetes education in type ii diabetes patients .
diabetes education is an active intervention for type ii diabetes patients and can act an a assistant in dm therapy .
to study the mental state of women receiving sterilization in rural area of northwest china .
to investigate the influence of psychosocial factors to climacteric emotional disorder .
the levels of fsh and lh in women before menopause were higher than normal .
concusion : climacteric mood disorder relates not only to sex hormone disturbance , but also to psychosocial factors .
to understand psychosocial factors in patients with infertile .
the results of symptom check list showed that patients had more psychosomatic symptoms .
that of epq showed that infertile patients were more introversion , more unstable in mood and tended to conceal .
while they received less social support ( social support requirement scale ) , i.e. less objective social support and poorer ability in getting support .
those of infertile men were somatization and anxiety .
the results of this research makes some theoretical suggestion on further psychosocial intervention for infertile .
to perform an intervention study on mental health of kindergarten children .
in order to promote mental health of children , the teaching style and attitude of parents must be improved firstly .
to explore the effect of early interventionon physical , intelligence and social development of toddlers .
after one year old , the two groups accepted the same intervention .
the children of both intervention groups were happier , more cooperative , concentric , continual working toward an aim than those of control group .
to compare the detected rate of children behavioral problems between two surveys ( 1985 and 1993 ) performed in beijing urban .
the total rate of children behavior problems in 1993 was 10.9 % and significantly higher than that in 1985 ( 8.3 % , p < 0.05 ) .
to investigate behavioral problems of school aged children .
the detected rate of behavior problems was 6.3 % by the parent checklist and 10.5 % by the teacher checklist .
by the teacher checklist , factor n was relevant to the babysitter , pressure from exams and reading environment after school hours .
while that in the parent checklist was relevant to preparation time for exams , pressure from exams , age and reading environment after school hours .
to investgate the the effect of environmental factors on intelligence development of low birth weight premature infants .
mikacin child intelligence test scale was used to 283 low birth weight premature infants in this follow-up study .
favorable living environment can help them overcome potential serious problems .
to investigate the efficacy and long-term outcome of morita therapy in the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder .
to investigate the efficacy of taoist cognitive psychotherapy ( tcp ) in the treatment of anxiety disorder .
tcp was effective in reducing overall symptoms . compared with drug therapy , tcp achieved its efficacy slowly with good long term outcome .
combining tcp with drug therapy have congruent effect and is optimal for anxiety disorder .
to compare the behavior and emotional problems of children in hong kong and in chengdu , and to investigate the effects of socio-cultural factors on assessments .
most of the subscale scores were significantly higher in hong kong samples than those in chengdu samples .
the differences in the subscales of anxious / depressed , attention problems and externalizing were very significant between two sites measured by the effect sizes .
to investigate the applicability of test of variables of attention ( tova ) on adhd children in china .
significant improvements were noted in some variables in adhd group during and after medication . the results were correlated with those of cprs-r .
these questionnaires could be used in clinical practice , but the results should be explained considering the children 's actual behaviors and clinical symptoms .
to assess the applicability and interrater reliability of different methods for evaluating expressed emotion in the family members of hospitalized schizophrenic patients in beijing .
the first rater ( interviewer ) assessed based directly on the interview .
the second rater assessed based on audiotape or typed transcript of the audiotape .
the expressed emotion was classified as " high " or " low " according to the same standard .
to explore the application and related influential factors of the revised hasegawa 's dementia scale ( hds-r ) in screening senile dementia .
when the threshold score was 17 , the sensitivity and the specificity were 95.1 % and 97.7 % respectively .
to explore the clinical application of the techniques of systematic family therapy .
a total of 137 families with index patient were interviewed and intervened by systematic family therapy techniques and 90 families were followed up .
the techniques of systematic family therapy are suitable for chinese family , and can be generalized and applied .
the mean period of treatment was 64.3 19.7 days . there were 32 subjects cured , 28 improved obviously , 12 improved and 8 unchanged .
a significant improvement was noted in the treatment of obsessive and compulsive symptoms and some features of personality .
whether the patients presented compulsive behaviors had no significant influence on the efficacy .
the modified morita therapy may be an effective method in the treatment of patients with ocd in china .
to explore the harmful educational attitudes and methods used by teachers in kindergartens in the process of managing and educating children and to determine possibly effective intervention measures .
no significant difference of harmful educational attitudes and methods was found between two groups before intervention .
it is necessary to conduct education about mental health and educational methods among kindergarten teachers .
this should be viewed as everyday tasks of kindergartens for future perspective .
to explore the applicability of rational-emotive therapy in chinese parents .
the rational emotive training can improve the psychological quality of parents and deserves to be generalized .
to study the characteristics of self-concept in middle school students with depressive emotion .
the state of emotion is related to the self-concept of middle school students . the results can provide evidence for psycho-consultation in this population .
to study the influence of interpersonal relationship training on mental health of undergraduates .
the interpersonal relationship training is effective in improving the mental health of undergraduates .
to explore the main risk factors of the onset of neurosis in undergraduates .
the results were analyzed by non-conditional logistic regression . results : the risk factors of neurosis were different with gender .
for male undergraduates , they were nervousness , lower level of mothers ' education , poor recreation and physical activities and poor family economy .
for female undergraduates , they were nervousness , introvert or extravert , obtainment or loss of social supports , and mothers ' rejection or deny .
the study of risk factors of neurosis should control the influence of gender .
to investigate the mode of group psychotherapy of exam anxiety in senior high school students .
the degree of exam anxiety of study group was significantly alleviated .
this mode of group psychotherapy is effective in the treatment of exam anxiety in senior high school students .
to explore the related factors influencing learning achievements of junior middle school students .
the social support in impoverished group scored higher than control group .
consolation and concern , economic support , friend support , and recreation are beneficial to improving the anxiety level .
to explore the source , influencing scope and extent of psychological stressful factors in middle school students in wuhan .
a total of 205 junior middle school students in the urban or suburb of wuhan were investigated by a ranking score questionnaire .
but some resorted to smoking and alcohol ( 38.5 % ) or hypnotic ( 10 % ) to alleviate psychological stress .
schoolgirls cared more about interpersonal relationship than schoolboys . conclusion : these results provide valuable background information for our future chinese / american collaboration project .
to explore the characteristics of stressful life events experienced before the onset of hyperthyroidism and its relationship with the disease .
a total of 82 patients diagnosed as hyperthyroidism were assessed by life event scale ( les ) compared with matched normal controls .
the stressful negative life events may be correlated with the onset of hyperthyroidism .
to explore the psychological defense mechanisms and related factors in the patients with peptic ulcer .
there is defect in the psychological defense styles of patients with peptic ulcer .
to investigate the prevalence , characteristics and influencing factors of cognitive dysfunction of elderly inpatients in general hospital .
they were divided into normal group or abnormal group according to the scores of mmse .
( 1 ) gender , age and educational level had influence on the scores of mmse in both groups .
high educational level had some protective effects on short time memory and object naming .
the influencing extent of gender in abnormal group was higher than that in normal group .
( 2 ) the prevalence of cognitive dysfunction was 14.0 % .
routine cognitive screen can detect dementia earlier in elderly inpatients .
to explore the efficacy of hyperbaric oxygen therapy ( hbo ) for the treatment of neuropsychological impairments in senile cerebral infarction patients .
( 1 ) routine medicine treatment presented poor efficacy for neuropsychological impairments of senile cerebral infarction patients , and hyperbaric oxygen therapy improved their intellectual achievements significantly ;
a total of 224 cardiac neurosis patients with the clockwise of horizontal plane t loop in vcg were assessed with eysenck personality questionnaire .
temperament is closely correlated with the clockwise of horizontal plane t loop in vcg in cardiac neurosis patients .
to investigate the psychological characteristics of sleep estimation of the patients with insomnia .
compared with normal controls , the insomnia group had prolonged sleep latency , shortened sleep time , and low sleep efficiency ( p < 0.01 ) .
to develop the shame scale for chinese and to determine the norm in college students .
a total of 946 college students ( 456 males and 490 females ) from several universities in beijing with the mean age 20.5 2.1 completed the scale effectively .
confirmatory factor analysis showed that the data of the sample accorded with the proto model and indicated that the proto model was suitable for chinese population .
the study also determined the norm of the scale in chinese college students and gave a preliminary discussion about the effect of gender .
to revise psycho-educational profile ( pep ) cross-culturally .
reliability , validity and itemanalysis were conducted .
the reliability and validity were perfect .
the pathological items can reflect the pathological reactions of autistic children efficiently .
the scores of normal function development were significantly correlated with peabody picture vocabulary test and combined reven test as well as age .
the revised c-pep is applicable to the assessment of autism and related children illness .
to introduce children 's depression inventory ( cdi ) into china .
a total of 1648 children aged 8-15 years completed the translated cdi .
to determine the norm of symptom checklist-90 ( scl-90 ) in chinese recruits and provide basic data for psychological research in recruits .
in the group of recruits , the total score was 139.73 22.43 , the positive items 26.41 16.82 , and the mean factorial score 1.38-1.73 .
the factorial scores except that of hostility were all higher than the norm of normal chinese .
to evaluate the impact and severity of drug addiction in drug abusers .
the validity of dasq was tested by bdi-13 .
the mean total score of bdi-13 was 16.20 1.23 , and pearson correlation coefficient between bdi-13 and dasq-30 was 0.52 ( p < 0.01 ) .
to investigate the effects of major psychosocial factors such as personality charateristics , emotion and life quality on the patients with functional impotence .
to explore the psychosomatic symptoms , psychosocial features and influencing factors of the women as secondary infertility .
in the treatment and care of patients with secondary infertility , special psychological intervention strategy should be made out according to the psychosomatic features of this population .
to explore the interrelation between personality characteristics and the quality of marriage .
to investigate the effects of long term psychological stress on lipid peroxidation formation and ultrastructure in myocardium of aged mice .
to study the effects of exam stress on lipid peroxidation in undergraduates .
and the mda of urine can act as a biochemical index for assessing the psychological stress .
to investigate the effects of calligraphy training on emotion of cadets .
a total of 90 cadets were divided into three groups : brush writing , pen writing and control group .
there was no significant differences in the total score , the number of positive symptom and the scores of positive symptom of the scl-90 among three groups .
the attitude of the cadets for the task was related to the improvement of bad mood .
calligraphy training can effectively improve the adverse emotion of cadets under stressful environment .
to investigate the effects of social support andfeeling of psychological control on mental health and the relationship between social support and psychological control .
a total of 2723 adult subjects were sampled from a population receiving health examination .
the feeling of external-internal control also influenced the level of social support , and the people with strong internal control sensation acquired more social support .
to explore the relation among behavior problems of children , their academic achievement and family background .
the level of parent education correlated with certain fes items ( r = 0.31 ~ 0.36 ) ,
although boys and girls had some specific correlation respectively , they had similar structure in general .
all of these can give us some clue in the practice of intervention on child behavior problem .
to study behavior problem in children in urban area of guiyang and its relation with family factors .
the rate of behavior problem in children of guiyang is higher than that of national average level . it is more obvious in teenagers of secondary school .
family background is important for behavior development of children .
to determine behavior problem in patients with anorectal malformation 10 years after operation .
the incidence of behavior problems was significantly higher than that of control group .
and the incidence of behavior problems in the group with poor anal function is higher than those of other two groups .
long-term behavior problems in patients with an operated anorectal malformation are related to the anal function of patients .
improvement of anal function is crucial for preventing behavioral problems .
to study the effects of typical and atypical antipsychotic drugs on the plasma prolactin level and their relationship with clinical efficacy .
positive and negative symptoms scale ( panss ) was used to assess the psychopathology before and after the treatment .
to investigate the efficacy of cognitive behavioral therapy for depressive patients with different degree of cognitive dysfunction .
the efficacy of combined therapy was superior to that of monotherapy in the group with high degree cognitive dysfunction .
in another group with low degree cognitive dysfunction , the difference between two methods had no statistical significance .
cognitive behavioral therapy shows better efficacy in depressive patients with high degree cognitive dysfunction .
to explore effective service model for improving rehabitlitative efficacy and lowering cost .
longitudinally describe the rates of post traumatic stress disorder ( ptsd ) in two groups with different exposure to an earthquake attacking north china .
to study emotion , personality and interpersonal relationships of the researchers at the great wall station in the antarctic region .
to explore the loneliness and its background , and to understand the relationship between the loneliness and emotion .
a total of 113 undergraduate students were assessed by stat e-trait loneliness scale ( s-tls ) and self-rating depression scale ( sds ) .
t he scores of social loneliness both in state scale and trait scale in male were higher than those in female ( p < 0.05 ) .
the score of sds was merely positive correlated with the factor of emotive loneliness , while there were no relationship with other factors .
to study the relationship of extro-introv ersive control and mental health .
it fit for normal distribution . there was no difference between male and female .
extroversive or intr oversive control has influence on mental health .
3 ) there are significant relations between comt genotypes and delusion , affective disorders , depersonalization , disorganized behaviors , thought form disorders and irritation .
1 ) the high activity val158 allele of comt itself , or its adjacent genes , plays a role of protecting from schizophrenia .
to explore main cause and classification of mental disorders induced by qigong and personality of patients with mental disorder induced by qigong .
35 qigong masters and 28 patients with mental disorders induce d by qigong were tested by mmpi and epq .
to assess the relationship of cognitive functioning with symptomatology and treatment outcome of first episode schizophrenia .
these results support the hypothesis that ne urocognitive functioning , positive symptoms and negative symptoms are independent symptom cluster in schizophrenia .
to study the role of bad mood , its influencing factors an d corresponding intervention in the recovery of psychosis .
appropriate psychosocial intervention can improve bad mood of patients with psychosis in their recovery .
to study the effect of non-convulsive ect on memory of schizophrenics .
to study the effect of family education for bipolar affective disorders .
the family education group ( 75 cases diagnosed as bipolar disorder ) accepted family education on the basis of pharmaceutical therapy .
7 3 patients with the same diagnosis accepted pharmaceutical therapy only were designed as control . the time of follow up was 3 years .
family education can reduce t he rate of relapse in patients with bipolar disorder .
to study the effect of calligraphy training on rehabilitation of attention dysfunction in children with mental retardation .
to study the effect of morita therapy in treatment of schizophrenic inpatients .
morita therapy has adjunctive effect on schizophrenic inpatients and can correct some deviant personality trait .
to compare the efficacy and safety of par oxetine and clomipramine in the treatment of panic disorder .
a 10 weeks multi-centred double-blind randomized study was designed .
the efficacy was evaluated by clinical judgment , pass , hama and sds . the safety was assessed in terms of tess .
however there was no significant difference in any efficacy measurement between two groups .
paroxetine is one of efficient and high-safety drug in treatment of panic disorder .
to study the effect of floating therapy in treatment of primary hypertension .
they were all measured by scl-90 and lymphocytes transmitted rate .
mental symptoms improved in floating group as well as increased lymphocytes transmitted rate .
floating therapy is a effective assistant method in treatment of primary hypertension .
to study the prevalence and related factors of depression among patients with lung cancer .
the depressive state is correlated with pain , social support and recent life event .
to study the social dis ability in patients with functional dyspepsia ( fd ) before and after antidepressant or anti-anxiety treatment .
the rate of social disability among patients with fd was 36 % ( 72 / 200 ) .
their social disability related to sex , anxiety and depression .
antidepressant and anti-anxiety treatment can decrease social disability and qoality of eife of patients with fd .
to assess the effect of comprehensive psychotherapy for anxiety and distress of patients with cancer .
the duration of treatment was 2 months .
all patients were assessed by sas and sds .
compared with control group , experiment group had less depression and less anxiety after 2 months .
comprehensive psychotherapy can improve the mental state of patient with cancer .
this paper maily describes ceramics filter production pross using discard ceramics backbone grain . primary factor of impacting vacancy was described .
the result of the test proves that the rate of vacancy of ceramics filter fired 1250c is 40 per cent and effect of filter is fine .
the viscosity of the glaze at high temperature is measured in detail , the influence upon the high-temperature-viscosity is studied when the composition of the glaze is changed .
the testing result indicates that the high-temperature-viscosity decrease when the temperature rises , and the relationship between them can be described by the vfg function .
the first and second factors would deteriorate the colour of the red iron oxides in ceramics ; the influence of the third factor is very limited .
the types , preparation , properties , characterizations , applications and prospects of porous ceramics are reviewed in this article .
some intermetallics have been used as second phase to reinforced ceramic materials .
this work presents the hotpressing preparation and the characterization of a ni3al reinforced-alumina .
a ceramic composite containing 10 vol % ni3al powder was hot-pressed at 1350c 25mpa for 60 min ; its relative density reached 98 % .
to study the effects of tripterygium on the islet cell function and immunological parametersin patients with late onset autoimmune diabetes mellitus in adults ( lada ) .
cd4 + /cds + was decreased in test group at 3 months .
2ica ( + ) of 2 patients become negative while no one in controlgroup after 3 months ( p < 0 . 05 ) .
3 c-peptide was correlated with cd4 + /cd8 + ( = -0 . 36 , p < 0 . 05 ) .
objectiveto evaluate the calmodulin ( cam ) activities of erythrocytes and the possible causes toinfluence the changes of cam levels in type 2 diabetic ( dm2 ) patients .
themeasurement of soluble cam of erythrocytes was performed by the methods of wallace rw .
results 1 ) the activities ofsoluble cam of erythrocytes in dm2 were significantly lower than that in normal subjects ( p < 0.05 ) .
polymerase chain reaction and the restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis were used todetermine the wild , heterozygous and homozygous forms .
the allelic frequency of the mutation was 0.17 innon-diabetic subjects ;
the mutation frequency of the three genetic types were similar between the diabetics and non-diabetics ;
clinical features had no significant differences when trp64arg heterozygotes were compared with trp64 homozygotes .
the trp64arg mutation at least in its heterozygous form is not a major determinant for random type 2 diabetes ;
homozygous form may result in early onset of type 2 diabetes .
methods71 dmpatients with normal blood pressure in casual assay were measured with cardiac power spectral analysis and 24hambpassessment .
blood pressure was in severe disorder as soon as cardiac and appear in dm patients with normal casual blood pressure .
abnormality of ansf and blood pressure in dm patients contributed to the onset and development of cardiovascularevents .
they are very important for investigating cardiac ansf in dm patients and early intervening and treating dmpatients with and .
the changes of sod mrna expression in pancreatic tissue may be one of reasons resulting inlowing sur mrna levels .
objectiveto probe into characters of the clinical and diagnostic points of patients with lada .
development of autogenous ketosisin 10 cases in lada . the positive rate of antibodies to gad was 100 % and higher than ica .
and 2 ) antibodiesof gad and ica are positive .
to investigate the impact of insulin resistance and insulin secretion on the development of glucose intolerance in chinese .
meanwhile homa- cell and i30/ g30 were remarkably lower in igt / ifg and dm group than in ngt group , particularly in dm group .
insulin resistance and insulin secretion deficiency may play an important role on the worsening from normal glucose tolerance to glucose intolerance in chinese individuals .
we screened 716 randomly selected , unrelated patients with type 2 diabetes for the mutation with a pcr-rflp technique .
concision the mt3316 g a mutation is a polymorphism unrelated to diabetes .
the aim of this study was to observe the clinical effect of intravenous thrombolysis therapy on diabetic patients with acute myocardial infarction .
all patients were treated with intravenous thrombolysis therapy .
to find out the differences in the changes of gh / igf-i axis between type 2 diabetes and type 1 diabetes using radioimmunoassay method .
basic concentrations of serum gh and igf-i in 19 cases of type 1 diabetes and 98 cases of type 2 diabetes were evaluated .
the clinical and laboratory items of type 2 diabetic patients were also measured for related factor analysis with serum igf-i concentrations .
to identify whether the mutation of insulin receptor substrate-1 ( irs-1 ) gene is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus in chinese .
all sscp variations were submitted to dna sequence analysis .
these results indicate that there may be a relation between these nucleotide variations of irs-1 gene and chinese type 2 dm .
to study the association of gastric motility abnormalities and autonomic neuropathy in type 2diabetes .
gastric motility dysfunction was found in 62.02 % of diabetic patients .
autonomic neuropathies were distributed diffusely , and became severe with enlonged duration of the disorder .
the percentage of neuropathy in patients with gastric motor abnormalities was higher than that in normal gastric motility patients .
the incidence of normal gastric motor abnormalities and autonomic neuropathy were both increased in type 2 diabetes and both of them were significantly correlated .
to investigate the cause of increased blood cell volume and its action on microangiopathy in diabetic patients .
activities of na + -k + -atpase and ca2 + -atpase in erythrocyte membrane were decreased in the diabetic patients , especially those with microangiopathy .
mean corpuscular volume ( mcv ) and mean platelet volume ( mpv ) increased and mean corpuscular haemoglobin concentration ( mchc ) decreased in the patients with microangiopathy .
whereas they were normal in those without microangiopathy .
the changes of mcv , mpv and mchc were related to the decrease in both atpase activities in erythrocyte membrane .
the increase in blood cell volume relevant to the decrease in atpase activities were probably important factors in the pathogenesis of diabetic microangiopathy .
2 cases were effectless for 40 g of prostaglandin e1 .
to investigate the effect of nifedipine , a commonest calcium antagonist in clinic , on glucose metabolism .
this investigation would be able to lay a foundation for hica69 gene expression and clinical application of expression products .
we selected 24 type 2 diabetic patients with 2 and 24 nondiabetic controls with 2 as well as 50 type 2 diabetic patients with 3/3 .
pcp / aso probe technique was used to determine their apoe genotypes .
to study the changes of blood lipid levels in non-diabetic first-degree siblings of type 2 diabetes families .
methods 320 type 2 diabetes families were recruited from shanghai .
the defects of the related signal molecule in insulin signal transduction of type 2 dm existed .
to investigate the effects of puerar in injection on the diabetic preipheral neuropathy ( dpn ) .
puerar in injection has a good effect in dpn remedy .
the relationship between sex hormone and immune function in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus ( dm ) was investigated .
the patients with type 2 dm have both sex hormone and immune function disturbances and the relationship exists between the sex hormone and immune function .
in order to ascertain the change of imt in patients with type 2 dm and the relationship between imt and various risk factors .
the increase of imt in type 2 dm develops early and rapidly . the increase of ualb is the marker of the thickened imt .
the chance of chd and cvd in patients with imt 0.8mm is increased .
it can be seen that hypertention , hyperinsulinimia and insulin resistance accelarate the as since carly phase .
to investigate the associations between microalbuminuria and early atherosclerosis in type 2 diabetes .
it can be concluded that microalbuminuria is related to atherosclerosis at early stage of the disease process .
to investigate the risk factors of diabetic nephropathy ( dn ) accompanied by cardiac damage .
the clinical characters and risk factors of dn with or without cardiac damage were compared .
the occuring time of dn was not parallel with diabetic cardiomyopathy .
cardiomyopathy in dn is associated directly with serum bun and hypertension .
hyperglycemia and hypertension of dn with cardiac damage should be controlled as early as possible .
120 min ti in obese group with igt was significantly higher than that in non-obese group with ngt .
fasting pi / iri in obese and non-obese group with dm was significantly higher than that in non-obese group with ngt .
the individuals with obesity , obese igt and obese newly diagnosed type 2 dm have true hyperinsulinemia .
to search a proper method for calculating the energy requirement in the patients with diabetes .
this formula is of accuracy and applicabi-lity , compared with traditional method for calculating energy requirement .
it is available that this method is used in dietotherapy of patients with diabetes .
to study the relationship between urinary laminin ( ln ) and diabetic nephropathy .
urinary ln is an indicator in the diagnosis of the early diabetic nephropathy .
dhea could promote pericytes ' proliferation under high glucose . this provided reliable evidence for selecting effective drugs for prevention and treatment of dr clinically .
using ria for ag-ii assay and molecular biology technique for mrna determination .
captopril might play a protective effect in the development of diabetic cardiomyopathy .
to study the relationship between the mutant in insulin receptor ( insr ) gene and type 2 diabetes .
in patients with type 2 diabetes , the frequency of sense mutations in irtk gene is relatively low .
the asp 1191 asn mutant may result in the abnormal conformation of insr , and more work is needed to study on the effect of this aberrance .
to investigate whether the gly972arg mutation of the insulin receptor substrate 1 ( irs1 ) gene associates with type 2 diabetes in chinese .
gly972arg mutation of irs1 gene was determined by pcr / bstn1 digestion in a group of 359 subjects .
only two subjects with gly972arg mutation were found in the study group .
gly972arg mutation of irs1 gene may not be a major genetic factor for type 2 diabets in chinese .
to recognize the risk factors and provide evidence for prevention and intervention of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the elderly .
physical activity might be protective factors of type 2 diabetes mellitus .
healthy lifestyle intervention may provide an effective program for prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the elderly .
glipizide treatment could improve the changes of serum igf-1 and igfbp-1 in type 2 diabetes mellitus .
to explore the relation between serum tgf 1 and diabetic nephropathy ( dn ) .
serum tgf 1 had significantly differences after treatment with captopril in ma group and odn group .
diabetic nephropathy patients have a higher serum tgf 1 compare with controls and incipient dn .
serum tgf 1 was in positive correlation with hba1c and lesion of renal function . acei can partly ameliorate the change of serum tgf 1 in dn .
the four active substances acted on each other in the formation and development of diabetic retinopathy .
it had a significent meaning in the initial mechanism of dm , in the development of disease and in the direction of medication usage to understand their relationship .
the determination of islet autoantibody distribution in type 1 diabetes patients , first-degree relatives without diabetes and normal individuals was made .
the results revealed that ica and 64kdab positive rate in type i diabetes patients and their first-degree relatives was significantly higher than normal individuals .
the positive rate of 64kdab is higher than that of ica and iaa .
these results suggest that 64kdab 's sensitivity is higher than ica and iaa 's , so 64kdab is more valuable as the marker of predicting type 1 diabetes .
the combined determination of ica , 64kdab and iaa might improve the value for predicting diabetes .
to compare the binding characteristics of insulin receptors ( ir ) on ovary , adrenal and hepatic plasma membrane from rats .
there are abundent iron ovary and adrenal just as many as those on liver , although the kd are smaller .
it suggests that insulin may play an important regulatory role in ovary and adrenal .
to investigate the molecular mechanism of metformin .
orientation and distribution of glassfibers in the reinforeement reaction injection molding ( rrm ) products of polyurethane-urea ( puu ) are observed by scan clectron microscope .
the flow equation of fillingprocess is set up and the multilayer structure of the glassfibers is analyzed theoretically with thehelp of distribution equation of velocity .
a new theory of fluid drop fragmentation of dispersed phases ofviscoelastic systems is set up .
the long-term performance of press fit joint and the effects of temperaturechanges should be considered , especially when the material for axes differs from that of hubs .
effect of metal-oxide vulcanization system ( mgo-zno-na-22-hst ) on the thermal stabiliiy of pvg-cr blend has been investigrted by static ph method .
whenpvc is blended wiih cr , thermal stability of pvc is influenced by the vulcanization systems ofcr .
zncl2 is produced during crosslinking of cr wiih zno and na-22 . zncl2 can accelerate dehy- drochlorination of pvc .
by mechanical mixing of abs and hpvc ( high polymerization degree poly ( vinyl chloride ) ) athigh temperature , polymer alloys with good overall properties are prepared .
the infouence of dif-ferent crosslinking agents and their dosages on the properties of alloys is studied .
it is noted thatcrosslinking agents can make alloys crosslink or co-crosslink and preperties of interfacial adbesionare improved .
good selection of crosslinking agent and its dosage can prepare excellentalloys .
foliage beet is only beet germplasm resources of china , it has long growing history which nearly 2500 yrs .
grey model was applied to predicting sugar content in cane in every stage during the milling period .
the equation of sugar changing was obtained with time , the experiment indicated that the models have higher degree of accuracy , operation is easy and fast .
pro content accumulate when the infection began , and then it decreased .
with the development of infection mda content increase in straight line level , chlorophyll content drop remarkably with the aggravation of the disease .
the influence of filling coefficient on mechanical properties , including surface hardness , im-pact and flexural strength , are investigated .
two kinds of new concepts are presented , based ondifferent way to determine filling coefficient .
mechanical properties are improved linearly as massfilling coefficient rises .
theproperties of product are close to those of the import .
the viscosity of ldpemelt decreases in vibration for field and has a minimum value with vibration frequency change .
it is of very important significance to process control for polymer extrusion .
using conventional single screw extruder and self-made extrusion foaming die , the formula-tion and technology of skinned foamed pvc profile are investigated with different resins .
clarifier polypropylene used as clarifies agent for polypropylene are prepared by esterificationresction .
the influences of clarifier polypropylene on tranaparency , crystalline morphology , ther-mological , rheological and mechanical properties of pp are investigated .
calixarene can be considered as a new type of macrocylic compounds . synthesis and develop-ment of calixarenes are introduced in this paper .
based on the special characteristics of its struc-ture , the applications and mechanisms as a new type of light for organce materials are dis-cussed .
in this paper , the recent advances of study and development trend of pvc toughening by e-lastomers and rigid particles in china are reviewed .
comparisions of simulation with experimental dateshow that the characteristics of both conventional and barrier screw can be predicte with reason-able accuracy .
new advancement of metallocene polymers are reviewed . preperties , current applications anddeveloping trends of five kinds of metallocene polymers are mainly introduced .
the current development situation , compatibilization technology , main properties and application of polyamied alloys are introduced .
its development trends are discussed too .
after the radiation crosslinking , the grade of heat resistanceof eva / mg ( oh ) 2 system is up to 125c .
the results show that using their function film , the earth temperature in side the greenhouse can be increased 2 ~ 3c in cold winter .
itsmechanical properties are effected by the system of curing agent and other processing conditions .
the permanent set compression permanent tensile break set and oil resistance are better than thoseprepared by simple mechanical mixing methods .
the results show that key piont is the design of cali-brator .
the bubble radius and thickness changes ( distributions ) during bubble neck forming tofilm blowing are investigated and calculated .
production technology of labyrinth type drip irrigation hose and its water-saving irrigationtechnology for application in agriculture are introduced .
it can be used in the production ofgreenhouse film with high transparency , high heat preservation , nondrip and antifog functions .
the hepe composite materials show the behaviors of brittle tensile break when the dosage of filleris over 70 phr .
the toughness of a highly filled hdpe can be effectively promoted by bydroxylsilicone oil .
the results show that the device is simple in construction and facility oper-ation , the bursting pressure of abs pipes at various temperatures can be measured effectively .
thepressure bearing capacity of abs pipes decreases as the temperature increases .
according to the requirment of injection mold cae , the databases of mold materials , plasticsproperties and processing technical parameters are developed at visual foxpro environment .
thedatabases can be used to analyse injection molding process simulation .
the impact strength of the grafted abs significantly decreases with the increasing of the dg , and tensile strength principally stays unchanged .
the synthesis method , technological process and property analysis of chlorinated polyolefine are introduced . its application for the printing and laminating of polypropylene is also presented .
it is viable that a breaking process of phase category of polymer blends in twin screw extrusion could be simulated with the theory presented .
a subcluster statistical theory is used for simulative calculation of morphology change in partially filled screw regions .
the cavity dimension calculation of injection mold of plastic small - module precision cylindrical spur gear and its molding technology are introduced .
based on these parameters , optimized process parameters set with mathematical statistical full factor experiments can guarantee the quality of welded plastics parts in batch production .
the price is also equivalent to that of pu .
the recent research progress on the structures , properties and applications of organic - inorganic nanocomposite materials are reviewed .
the property of starch / pe blend biodegradable film to be controlled by particle size of starch and its degradation mechanism in environment were discussed .
it is thought that assessment of biodegradability for various biodegradable film must be conducted at an identical condition of service life in order to get more objective result .
the possibility of rapid discrimination of plastics with near - infrared spectra measurements and neural network analysis is introduced and examined .
the result shows that the average hitting accuracy is 77 % for 51 kinds of plastics .
through dynamic measurement and analysis , the causes of stagnation of hydraulic injection molding machine are found out , and the hydraulic circuits are improved .
then coathanger type wide - web film die is designed for hdpe flat film extrusion .
the present status of china plastics industry , and its some current hot spots , such as plastic pipe , profile and environment protecting application are briefly introduced .
the reactive extrusion processing and the characteristics of screw extrusion reactor are described . the process demands of screw extrusion reactor are emphatically discussed .
it is expressed that no-oil lubricating bearing is a very promising and valuable product , and research and development work must be accelerated .
it is investigated that nano-caco 3 particle is dispersed in pp matrix on nanoscale with tem .
the influences of dynamic-vulcanization processes of polypropylene ( pp ) on mechanical properties and meltstrength of pp have been studied .
high melt-strength pp are prepared with twin-screw extruder and dynamic vulcanization technology .
this article discribes monoaxial stretching technology of ptfe film and the film application .
the experiment data offers the prescription design for the flame-retarding pu foam .
mouding principle , main structures and actions , design and calculation of main technical parameters for the injection blow moulding machine machine are introduced in this paper .
some key technologies are discussed .
the reducers is the heart of plastic processing machines .
the specical reducers of plastic screw extruder have its specific characteristics .
the levels of design and manu-facture for reduction gears have tremendous influence on service life of extruder .
the essential condition of specical reducers of extruder for satisfactory performans are analyzed in detail .
influences of processing conditions , matrix , property and dosages of carbon black on carbon black filled conductive plastics and its development as well as applications are introudced .
influences of process conditions , carbon black structure and resin on properties of carbon black / polyethylene conductive composites are studied .
the results show that the composite exhibits percolation threshold effect , positive temperature effect and nonlinear volt-ampere characteristics .
polyethylene / carbon black composite was extruded by melting blending with the incorporation of antioxidants , crosslinking agents and compatibilizing agents .
differences between foreign lmwpe and domestic lmwpe are also discussed .
formula , processing conditions and properties of high damping structured polyurethane ( pu ) foam are explored .
the reaction is quite sensitive to the proportion and quantity of catalysts of organic amine and stannum .
influences of silicone foaming stabilizer on properties of foams are very important .
blowing agent of f11can be substituted by pentane , which is no harm to the environment .
added powder filler and short glass fibres can improve the impact strength and loss factor obviously .
developing process of light conversion technology and research progress in agricultural films are reviewed .
defects of existing light conversion films and developing trends are also provided .
keeping the same radiation dosages , the gel contents of pe gels with multi-functional monomers is higher than that of those without monomers .
artificial weathering test shows that 6911 has better long-term anti-aging performances than that of bw-10ld and 944 .
natural exposure experiment also verified the conclusion .
present situation of market and technology progress of bottle-grade pet pellet at home and abroad are introduced .
based on the recent situations of packaging materials used for foodstuff , beverage and beer , the developing trends of bottle-grade pet pellet are summarized .
elimination of melt swell outside die is also studied by amending shapes of dies .
based on the design requirements for inner-barrels of automatic washing machines , mold design and tooling are analyzed . a solution is also concluded .
artificial soil and water loss is the main aspect whereas the natural soil loss is only the secondary position in urban soil and water loss .
a beautiful ecological environment is the sign of a city with modern civilization .
promotion of the knowledge to governors at various levels is the key to make perfect soil and water conservation .
treatments to promote urban soil and water conservation include further strengthening leadership , making perfect planning , making public extensively and constructing demonstration areas continuously .
the authors analyze the effects of soil and water conservation projects when different rain patterns and large precipitation take place in large river basins .
the result indicates that the soil and water conservation projects play a decisive role in disaster reduction and flood prevention .
when present projects for flood prevention system are arranged , the soil and water conservation projects should be included in flood prevention construction system .
more investment should be used for construction of the soil and water conservation projects .
the paper summarizes most technical measures for planting spearmint on eroded red soil slope wasteland , and analyzed its ecological and economic effects .
key areas arranged with soil conservation measures are depended on multi-factors comparison .
after projects are put into operation , the emphases of soil loss monitoring are landslide and bank collapse .
only by bringing forth new ideas on the basis of successful experiences can soil and water conservation be developed and meet requirements .
water is the restrictive factor for sand industry development .
the 21st century will be a big period for sand industry development that will be of a broad prospect .
lushan county of henan province is a special national poverty county determined by the central government in 1990 .
soil and water conservation can improved ecological environment and production conditions , it is the effective way to get rid of poverty for people in mountain regions .
pisha rock area is one of the regions with the most severe soil erosion in china .
water erosion and gravity erosion are the main types in the area .
waste land reclamation leads to destroy of vegetation and soil structure , deteriorate local ecological environment day by day .
there are large areas of degeneration land in china with serious soil erosion by water .
the water eroded area in the upper yangtze river reaches 352 thousand km2 with annual soil erosion of 1.56 billion tons .
both ecological benefit and economical benefit should be considered by taking small watershed as basic unit and combining comprehensive harness of soil and water loss and overall development ;
taking the basic farmland construction as breakthrough to combine soil and water protection with improvement of ecological environment as well as increase of agriculture production ;
strengthen policy support through establishment of stable and overall investment assurance mechanism ;
improve effectiveness of project construction through enhancing scientific research and technical extension service ;
protect and manage ecological environment according to laws and strengthen legal system ;
improve management method for ecological environment construction projects according to the pattern sort of regional ecological project .
grain production per capita had been increased from 270 kg to 886 kg with annual income per person increased from 294 rmb to 1 774 rmb .
key harness have accumulated rich experiences , played a perfect exemplary role that will surely promote soil and water comprehensive conservation in the county .
corn straw can be both ensilaged and processed into blocks and bundles that is easy for storage and long distance transportation .
the processed fodder is little in nutrition loss , agreeable to livestock taste and with high using rate to decrease feeding cost .
it has been started overall implementation of national ecological environment key county construction project in 376 counties of 22 provinces in 3 groups .
all society and departments should participate in soil and water conservation , and soil conservation departments must make best efforts in professional administration .
it is proved from practice that comprehensive harness and development of small watershed is the effective method to speed up ecological environment construction and promote sustainable development .
effect of soil conservation forest depends on land surface cover of dead leave and soil condition .
only through comprehensive harness of soil and water conservation can soil and water loss be reduced efficiently .
soil and water conservation and ecological environment construction in the yellow river basin play a great role and hold an important position in western china development .
ecological environment construction in northwestern china should be alone accordance with local soil and water resources because both water and soil are scarce there .
as basic resource for human being , soil and water resources are also the basis for sustainable development of state economy .
there will be heavy and hard task for soil and water conservation in 21st century according to state ecological environment construction plan .
the southern part of the province is dominated by water erosion , while the northern part is mixed erosion of water and wind types .
water erosion takes place mainly in july to september , and wind erosion normally happens in winter and spring .
the time process of soil erosion by both water and wind appears a compensation mechanism no matter in a year or during years .
plant can effectively enhance its rainfall retention capacity and improve efficient utilization of rainfall resource through changing rainfall distribution characteristics .
straw coverage can effectively collects rainfall , decrease evaporation , improve physical features of soil , and realize high and stable grain production .
the optimum core straw coverage for slope corn is 15 000 kg/ hm2 , wheat straw is 7 500 kg/ hm2 .
corn production increased 29.45 % when the land is covered by optimum wheat straw amount .
grain production will be easy to be influenced by too much straw coverage that is unfavorable to crop growth .
therefore , it has significant importance for the yellow river harness and western china development to strengthen comprehensive control of the interlocked area of water and wind erosion .
all relative departments should cooperate to provide services in agriculture , agronomy , technology and information for small watershed harness , development and ecological environment construction .
full ecological agriculture theory considers that water resources available for exploitation development exists in the all process of water circulation .
concept of dynamic water resources looks at water resources from the full aspects of dynamic process of water circulation .
application of gps in soil and water conservation has fast developed but still lag behind that does in other industries .
portable gps can be also used in engineering implementation and lofting in soil and water conservation .
returning slope farm land into forest and grassland is greatly pushed forward in gansu province with total returned area 53 300 hm2 .
at the present , issues of survival rate , variety of trees , seedlings and relative policies should be conscientiously dealt with in order to reach original purpose .
gene expression patterns in rice elongation induced by ga3 were investigated by using mrna differential display technique .
one of them was sequenced and shown to encode extensin-like protein .
quantitative pcr confirmed that the expression of ga15b was induced by ga3 .
southern blot analysis indicated that the ga15b was a multicopy gene .
a two-year field test of inoculation for introduced resources of resistance to rice sheath blight was done on the experimental farm of yangzhou university from 1996 to 1997 .
correlation coefficients between resistance and plant height ( including characters related to plant type ) , and between resistance and heading date were also not significant .
the results indicated that resistance to sheath blight was a really inheritable character .
most of the sources had the same expression of resistance both in china and the united states .
by using phytotron , critical temperature and the thermo-sensitive phase of pingxiang dominant genic male sterile rice were studied under artificial conditions .
it indicated that temperature sensitivity of pingxiang dominant genic male sterile rice had no effect of doses of dominant sterile gene .
the practical utilization of pingxiang dominant genic male sterile rice was also discussed .
the relationship between source quality at heading stage and its influencing factors were studied .
and during filling period , photosynthetic potential is higher than 2.10 106 m2.d , photosynthetic potential-grain ratio was higher than 47 cm2.d/spikelet .
the data of south china early maturity group of indica rice in china 's southern rice regional trial in 1997 was analyzed with ammi models and corresponding biplots .
the findings indicated that location main effect are significantly positively correlated with radiation during rice seedling stage and rainfall during heading and filling stage .
temperature was the leading climate factor , while rainfall in july was the second one , affecting g e interaction .
seed bank of weeds in rice-wheat rotation fields in yizheng , jiangsu province was investigated .
the result showed that there were 22 species of weeds , belonging to 11 families , which mainly distributed in 0-10 cm depth soil in the fields .
the pollen grains of the male induced some of the ovaries in the caryopses of the females to inflate obviously after the pollination .
the inflating effect in the autotetraploidy rices was more obvious than in the diploidy rices .
in the same methods , to apply triadimefon also can be partly effective .
at the same time , the endogenous hormones in rice seedling which have been applied uniconazol changed obviously in contrast with control .
the content of gas and iaa has decreased markedly , and the content of ipas and aba has increased obviously .
any drainage from paddy field would be considered to induce nearby waters eutrophication .
the results indicated that the location with low dj value has little genotype environment interactions .
the yield potential of hybrid rice has stagnated .
a feasible approach to enhance the yield level of hybrid rice is to broaden the genetic diversity between the parents for the further improvement of heterosis level .
the development of peiai 64s and ir36 did not differ up to microsporocyte formation stage ;
but since meiosis stage , male reproductive cells of peiai 64s underwent several structural changes and ultimately terminated by early bicellular stage .
these abnormal cells became dramatically vacuolated and hereafter disintegrated completely at later stage .
but , the development and disintegration of tapetum in peiai 64s resembled those of ir36 .
there are significant correlation coefficients in cheng 's indica-japonica rice classification index and other characters especially anther length , internode length and plant height .
it is suggested that differentiation of indica-japonica rice of the primitive yunnan nuda rice depended on temperature , and it was correlated with latitude and elevation .
basically fertile ( peiai 64hf ) with high pollen fertility and no stable sterility duration in the whole ;
intermediate fertile ( peiai 64hm ) with high pollen sterility instability and short pollen sterility duration .
this dynamic change was consistent with the photosynthesis rate and chlorophyll content of leaf at different levels and green leaf areas above the ground .
the yield components of indica hybrid rice with lsgc was no decrease markedly under barnyardgrass interference of 50 plants per square meter .
however , the yield components of japonica rice with sssc declined seriously resulting in 40 percent loss of grain yield .
3 ) two qtls in the vicinity of rg678 and rz400b-rz792 exhibited salt tolerance at both stages .
the heterozygosity rate of the population was close to the expectation , indicating that the population had a normal genetic structure .
segregation distortion was observed in six chromosomal regions , suggesting that abnormal segregation could happen even in an intra-subspecies population .
the map covers a length of 1435.8 cm , with an average distance of 6.38 cm between adjacent markers .
the difference of chalkiness change between 33c high temperature treatment and 23c proper temperature treatment was mainly at the stage of 10 days to 20 days after heading ;
apical dominance inter-grain could be regulated , and resulted in increasing grain weight and yield .
their antagonism to rhizoctonia solani were tested in vitro .
sixty one strong antagonistic strains , 727 moderate
and weak antagonistic strains and 486 non-antagonistic strains were 4.8 % , 57 % , and 38.1 % of the total , respectively .
the results indicated that strain b-916 was the best in control effect on rice shb in the field .
the results of pcr assay and southern blot analysis showed that foreign genes had been integrated into the rice genome .
transformed plants showed high resistance to herbicide basta and xanthomonas campestris pv . oryzae .
and the weakest cold tolerance towada was the most significant ( 0.924 * * ) .
( 3 ) sca and cold tolerance characters differ from generation and rice cropping regions .
( 4 ) variation of indica character and cold tolerance gene accumulated at warm-cool region of japonica rice ,
and genetic evolution to indica characters .
the characters of 782 grains of ancient cultivated rice at 8000 bp from bashidang site in lixian county were studied in various methods .
it was deduced to be an original type of cultivated rice which had completely developed in nature without any artificial selection .
the constant of polynomial equation was a good variable for classification with its precision average of 73.45 % .
the mutation frequencies in ge and su mutant were 0.0227 and 0.0070 respectively .
based on the number of restriction enzyme detecting rflps , most of mutations were attributed to point mutation .
therefore 1209 markers indicated the heterozygosity of shanyou 63 is 34.57 percent .
insecticide resistance in different populations of the white-backed planthopper , sogatella furcifera collected from zhejiang , guangxi , yunnan and hainan provinces in china was measured .
the development of insecticide resistance in sogatella furcifera was discussed .
( 2 ) the ability to visualize and analyze by several products in the same lane within the same size range , but with different fluorescent labels ;
( 3 ) automated sizing ;
( 4 ) automated data output ; and (
5 ) elimination of radioactivity .
these advantages increase the efficiency and rapidity of rice sslps analysis .
some characteristics of rice roots were compared between rice grown in paddy field and rice grown by floating method on natural waters .
kary type analysis indicates that 6th generation of the cells are deploids in the chromosomes without transformation .
by measuring the sperm and micropylar canal of the egg , it comes to the conclusion that the fertilization way of s.soldatvi is single-sperm fertilization .
these distinctive dna fragments can be used for molecular genetic marker .
the sera from immunized fish with the ciliated protozoon , paralembus digitiformis , immobilized the parasite and caused the parasites agglutinated in vitro by agglutination test .
the molecular weight of japanese flounder igm was determined to be 752 000 .
acridine orange ( ao ) method was employed to measure the phagocytic activity of neutrophilic granulocyte in trionyx sinensis .
the method could be used to assay both phagocytosis and bactericidal function simultaneously through fluorescence microscopy .
at 180 th minute , the phagocytic and bactericidal capacity of neutrophilic granulocytes to the 2 strains reached the peak . there was little difference between them .
at 240 th minute all the values decreased .
the results show that digestibility of total amino acid content approach protein digestibility in each ingredient .
and the nutritional value of yeast is the lowest of all and those of blood meal and feather meal are only higher than that of yeast .
although the nutritional values of other feed ingredients are different , they are all rather high .
the density and biomass of phytoplankton vary distinctly in diurnal and vertical dynamics mainly because of flagellate , such as c. ovalis .
the buffer capacity was controlled by the concentrations of total co2 and ca2 + ;
the reason why ph values of pond water in saline-alkaline land were relatively higher was that the content of total co2 or ca2 + was too lower .
all the results in the 3 doses of groups are better than those in the positive control .
the sfps groups and positive control groups present extremely different from the control in the result of regulating lipemia ( p < 0.01 ) .
the larvae can feed at day 5 after hatching and developed completely at day 7 .
it also gives a forecast example on the designing approach , and the forecast accuracy was 76.2 % comparing with the real central fishing ground .
above results indicate that cr3 + can stimulate growth and improve feed conversion . the effect of cr3 + is not obvious on nutritional contents in fish .
this experiment included 2 parts . during the first part , the single toxic effect of the 3 kinds of chemicals on the growth of t.wisconsinense were tested .
the larval survival rate was more than 95 % 72 h after hatching .
so the extreme high temperature should be 27c for c. farreri .
it is also found that at the same temperature , the tolerance of small individuals to high temperature is greater than that of big ones .
sod , bacteriolysis and antibacterial activities in the muscle between test and control groups have no evident differences .
the amino acid balance and the nutritional value of the protein sources in feed for the juvenile of black sea bream were studied .
using flowing-water simulating experiment in laboratory , the experiment was conducted with 3 species of fishes which were pagrosomus major , sparus macrocephalus and sebastodes fuscescens .
when the water temperature being 17 ~ 19c , the total accumulative temperature 1 710 ~ 1 8729c hand taking time 95 ~ 104 h.
their spawning period lasts longer so that the spawning spots can be utilized fully by breeding fish and the diet resource can be best used by the larvae .
based on the results of penaeus chinensis released into the rushan bay and tadao bay during 1984 ~ 1992 , the optimum released number was discussed .
the dry weight of seston and its components increased with the prolonged cultural time .
the percentage of components varied greatly . the biomass of phytoplankton increased and the percentage of detritus decreased in the enclosures treated by agitating bottom or implanting diatom .
the impact of implanting photosynthetic bacteria on the quantity of seston phytoplankton was not obvious .
some femal parent oratosquilla kempi were cultured in 3 ponds under different water temperature and salinity , individual body length ranging from 11.3 to 16.7 cm .
the metamorphosis rate and survival rate of the larvae are related with water temperature , light , food and bottom condition or artificial holes in the pond .
dazha crab is characterized by blue back , white abdomen , gold leg , and yellow setae .
10.02 % of its body weight is occupied by blood lymph and tissue liquid .
in 9 microelements measured , male has 7 elements higher than female except phosphorus .
so it is considered that male crab is richer in micmelements and amino acids than female .
the results verified that the anti-stress abilities weakened when the fish are in state of stress due to dietary oxidized fish oil .
the col was nonspecific in agglutination for any type of human erythmeytes , and the hemagglutinating activities ware all at the same level .
a method for determining the content of se in food , seafood and feed has been studied by using afs2201 type double-beam hydride generation-fluorescence spectrum ( hg-afs ) .
the values of se content determined in standard samples are in the standard range .
the method has many advantages in determining micro-se in various samples .
' hydroperitoneum disease ' and ' trembling disease ' are 2 kinds of bacteria diseases mainly happening in chinese mitten crab eriocheir sinensis from juvenile to adult .
the no-3 content in draining water was decreased when the chicken manure mixed with tea-seed-cake were used , there is no environmental pollution .
wide-round leaf va-rieties are tolerant to bolting , long-round leaf varieties take the second place and spear leaf varieties are easy to bolting .
the results showed that the resistance is dominant inheritance and is controlled by a single dominant gene .
precipitate in the insecticide solution and uneven emulsion were major causes of injury .
it is suitable for cultivation in hunan , hubei , sichuan , jiangxi etc.
the result indicated that : relational grade with different coefficients can be used as the index comprehensive evaluation and major basis of examination of new vegetable varieties .
the study on the effect of mixed growing media with different ratio of coir dust to vermiculite on potted cucumber seedling growth was carried out .
however top dry weights increased significantly , roots dry weights were almost equal .
with proportion of coir dust increasing , the content of soluble sugar in leaves was increased .
the photosynthetic rate and its diurnal changes were almost the same under both mulching and shading conditions .
it is suitable for protected cultivation in huabei district .
its plant grows vigorously , and its yield is about 90t.hm-2 . average fruit is about 28cm length and 130g weight .
the high quality fruit with soluble solids content of 5.22 % is pink and , resistant to crack .
average yield is 90 ~ 130t.hm-2 .
the fruit is wide club with glossy purple skin .
its yield is generally over 52.5t.hm-2 .
the effect of plastic house and plastic film mulch on ginger 's growth and yield was studied .
the shape of head is long barrel .
it is highly resistant to tumv , downy mildew and soft rot .
cuiyu is a new blocky sweet-pepper f1 hybrid with m id-early maturity .
to understand the dynamic change in nucleic acid of vsv ( vesicular stomatitis virus ) in inactivating the virus by photochemistry .
the nucleic acid of vsv was detected using a pair of primers originated from the gene of vsv nucleic env protein .
the maximal sensitivity of rt-pcr method for vsv detection was 1.8lg tcid50 .
the degree of vsv nucleic acid damage caused by photochemical method increases as the time of inactivation extend .
a cultivated eggplant variety qiyeqie as scion was grafted on 5 wild solanum species as rootstock respectively .
the effects of graft on resistance to verticillium dahliae and on biological characteristics of eggplant were studied .
it also indicated that the grafted plants were better not only in root system , diameter of stem and leaf , plant height ,
according to the biological characteristics of grafted plants and their resistant levels to the fungus , is was determined that tuoluba mu was the best rootstock .
in addition , there were no significant differences in contents of dry materials , total sugar , cellulose , and iron among grafted plant s and non-grafted plants .
muskmelon was grafted on blackseed pumpkin ( cucurbit a ficifolia ) to control melon fusarium wilt .
yield enhancement of grafted melon was mainly in late stage and it enhanced 75.9 % -112.3 % .
it is early maturity , resistance to phytophthora blight , southern bacterial and mosaic virus .
the yield is 24-42 t.hm-2 . average fruit weight is 35-50 g. fruits are long with smooth green skin , good quality and high marketable percentage .
it has been extended to guangdong , guangxi , jiangxi , hainan and hunan etc. , with a total are a of 800 hm2 .
the early yield is 18 t.hm-2 and total yield is 61 . 5 t.hm-2 .
the effects of storage temperatures on the qualities of broccoli ( brassica oleracea . var . italica p. ) packaged with 0.03 mm pe were studied .
the results showed that the senescence of broccoli stored at 16 c was very fast ;
the content of total soluble protein , total acids , vitamin c and chlorophyll decreased rapidly ;
however , the senescence of broccoli stored at 0c and 5 c was delayed and the storage life was 30 d and 24 d respectively .
the relationship between the development rate and the temperature accorded with logistic curve .
33 c , respectively . the most suitable temperature and humidity for survival of l. sativae were 20-30 c and 80 % -92 % rh .
adult 's fecundity was lowest at 35 c and the adults can n't oviposit under 100 % rh .
l-1 ga3 solution to treat purslane seeds increased obviously germination percentage , germination vigor and germination index .
l-1 at transplant recovering stage , 1 370 mg .
l-1 at pollination stage and 1 200 mg .
l-1 at fruit setting stage . the accumulation rate of co2 at night was highest and reached 140 mg .
co2 released from soil on the raised beds was 142 g.m-2.h-1 more than that in furrows .
a local single cropping zizania caduciflora cultivar of superior quality was seleted .
milong is tolerant to high temperature and high humidity , and high resistant to powdery mildew of melon .
it is suitable for north china and so on to plant .
to study the serologic characteristics of anti-mur antibody and its clinical significance in blood transfusion .
this alloantibody is a specific anti-mur antibody , and tbere is no available report in domestic and overseas literature that the anti-mur can cause the hemolytic transfusion reaction .
the significance of screening for miltenberger blood group system 's antibody in asians is worth inquiring into .
to further improve the safety and stability of human intravenous immunoglobulin .
all the quality parameters of the ivig met the requirements stipulated in china biologicals regulations .
the homogeneity of above gene 's nucleotide and amino acid of these two strains of htlv-i and every representative strains of htlv-i subtype was analyzed .
to obtain the full-lenagth hcv e1 gene .
11 of 86 strains of positive clones expressed the non-full length hcv e1 proteins .
in the prokaryotic expression system , the hcv e1 gene with truncated c-terminal could be expressed with high effectiveness .
the expressed hcv e1 protein had low antigenicity . it was very simple and rapid to use the " megaprimer " method to change the gene 's structure .
to understand the genomic structure of rhd gene in rhd-negative han blood donors in china and inquire into its potential applicable value .
. the phenotypes of the rhd-negative individuals carrying the intact rhd gene segments were cc or cc , but not cc .
to explore the pathogenic mechanism of gvhd and enhance the clinical therapeutic effectiveness of bone marrow transplantation ( bmt ) .
the conventional microlymphocytotoxicity test and the lymphocyte co-cultivation were used . the pcr-ssp was applied to genetic typing .
following the analysis of dna sequence of sub-genotype , the modeling of three-dimentional structure of hla molecules was performed .
to understand the ttv infections in blood donor cohorts in guangdong region , china .
the ttv had been detected by pcr method in 20 of 103 blood donors , and the detectable rate was 19 % .
to set up the method of genotypeing the human platelet antigen ( hpa ) systems from 1 through 4 by sequence-specific primers ( pcr-ssp ) .
14 primers were synthesized so that the human platelet antigen systems from 1 through 4 in 25 healthy blood donors could be genotyped by pcr-ssp method .
the reusults of genotyping by pcr-ssp were compared with those obtained by allele-specific oligonucleotide hybridization ( pcr-aso )
sperm antigen is located in the head and the tail of the sperm .
sperm immunization is dominated by humoral immunity .
a high concentration of serum sperm antibodies can be received by subcutaneous injection of holstein semen to rabbits and yak calves .
sperm antibodies and sperm anti-antibodies both had a strong specificity .
very significant difference was present between 12 hours after challenge and before injection ( p < 0.05 ) .
the article has reported for the first time that histamine injection had some influences upon plasma endotoxin concentration of diary cow and some related problems have been discussed .
minks are good adaptable definitive hosts for ec .
but pw.does not adapt to development . minds are the paratenic hosts .
the optimum serum concentration and ph were 2 % and 7.0 for ibdv multiplication respectively . the suitably-high cell density was useful for ibdv propagation .
agarose gel electrophoresis of plasimd dna purified from the 4 e.coli strains revealed the presence of 1 ~ 4 plasmid belts in each strain .
the plasmids ( 20.50kb , 9.4kb ) were transformed to strain dh5 and the transformants acquired resistance corresponded to e.coli strain .
the mice inoculated with dh5 carrying plasmid 9.4 kb died , the result showed that the plasmid 9.4 kb might carry toxin gene .
expression of luteinizing hormone receptor ( lhr ) mrna was evaluated in the granulosa cells of quail preovulatory follicles by northern hybridization .
it was shown that the serum of new born calf apparently inhibited propagation of dhv .
the growth curve of dhv in cef culture was drawn according to the viral titer assay .
the results revealed differences in two viruses : cytoplasmic nucleocapsid aggregates
compared with agar gel diffusion assay , the lat , with simplicity , shared the same specificity but more sensitive .
a total of 45 one-day-old broilers were fed with starter feed under exprimental condition for 2 weeks .
an infectious bursal disease virus ( ibdv ) field strain , designated strain lx , was isolated from a flock with immune failure .
nigh-day-old chicken embryos were characterized by regular death with as high as 100 % mortality 3-4 days after inoculation .
these showed that the isolate lx was a very virulent ibdv strain .
ifn- gene was isolated from swine by pcr method .
the cloned ifn- gene was 668 nucleotides long and deduced 186 amino acids , had a calculated molecular weight ( mw ) of 21.8kda .
the restrained function of cysticercus cellulosae treated in vitro with 4 kinds of drugs were studied under the scanning electron microscope .
the mechanism of growth in shao duck was investigated by measurement of hormones relative to growth .
the maximum concentration of somatostatin ss ) was observed at 3 days of age . plasma ss firstly decreased and then increased during the developmental stage .
changes of concentrations of plasma gh and ss showed an inverss relationship ( r = 0.818 3 ) .
both sexes showed a similar pattern in changes of plasma thyroid hormone during the sexual development .
plasma triiodothyronine ( t3 ) occured high level at the earlier stage of development ( 15-35 days of age ) and significantly decreased at 55 days .
high level of plasma thyroxine ( t4 ) was observed between 55 days of age and 95 days of age , thereafter decreased .
the ultrastructure of erythrocyte in cattle with endemic fluorosis has been observed for the first time through scanning electronic microscope .
we conclude that the administration of proper selenium should be a practical and feasible way for prevention of endemic fluorosis in cattle .
pathogenicity of lcb to km mice was high through intraperitoneal injection , as well as to one-day-old chicks through intracranial injection .
by the cultural and biochemical characteristics , they were identified as b. aerogenes capsulatus .
0.1-0.2 ml culture fluid of anaerobic broth of the strains was injected into mouses by vein of tail and caused 100 % death in 12h .
the bacterium was sensitive to ofloxacin , norfloxacin lactatis , neomycin and chloromycetin .
ofloxacin was proved to be effective for the affected raccoon dogs with a curative rate of 77.4 % ( 96 / 124 ) .
it is confirmed for the first time that type a of b. aerogenes capsulatus can cause the respiratory system syndrome of raccoon dogs .
the ecp of 18 / 26 et strains had a cytotoxic effect on hep-2 cells , which could be inhibitied by the antiserum against ecp of atcc15947 .
in vitro-cultured chick embryo tracheal rings were inoculated respectively with the cultures of three mycoplasma gallisepticum ( mg ) strains .
through the observation under light microscope , it was found that all the three mg strains had ciliostatic function .
such phenomena were not observed on the noninoculated tracheal rings .
the epg ( eggs per gram of feces ) were counted from rectal feces using floatation by saturated salt solution in every two days .
it is evident that b. t can be used to control parasitic nematodes . but no anhelmintic effect is found by oral administration of b.t .
the result showed that one isolate was sensitive , five were resistant to diclazuril ;
using sheep luteal membrane as the receptor preparation source and 125i-labelled hcg as the tracer radioligand , the standard curve was obtained using high purified hcg .
the assay is simple and can be completed within 2 hours .
the level of lh measured correlated with the physiological status of the animals .
all chickens were slaughtered in 42 days old .
but macrophage activity and sod , gsh-px in blood are great effectively higher in the combination of mos and sf-68 than in other treatments .
the tissue residues of rafoxanide in liver was ( 23.033 1 3.204 8 ) g/g after 28 days of daministration .
no residue was detectable in kidney , bile and muscle all the time .
the above results indicated that the rafoxanide liposomes would be more effective than rafoxanide injection for the treatment of fascioliasis .
the results showed that the serum profiles of norfloxacin in carp were best described by a two-compartment open model following i. m. and oral administration .
the tendons of peroneus tertius , long digital extensor muscle and medial digital extensor muscle can be distinguished in the dorsal of tarsus in sonogram .
the plantar part of it exist the tendons of superficial digital flexor muscle and the strong deep digital flexor muscle .
computer-based phylogenetic relationships among these strains and reference strains were obtained by analyzing nucleotide sequence data .
the three virus strains were first passaged in cef for 21 and 35-38 times and then in spf chickens for 5 times in succession .
the optimal dose was 5 000 tcid50 for strain jd1 and 3000 tcid50 for strain nb .
as little as 1 femtogram of avian adenovirus dna was detected by this pcr .
phylogenetic tree showed the more relationship between the ndv strain changchun and la sota . the results showed the ndv strain changchun was avirulent .
the recombinant was indicated containing the complete open reading frame of gb gene with 2 619 bp by sequencing .
it is to be investigated whether this mutation is associated with virulence .
little has been done with gpv 's molecular biology by now in china .
the following restriction endon uclease analysis has proved the correctness of the expression vector .
clinical isolates of escherichia coli had been identified by microbial methods and were studied for antimicrobial susceptibility test .
by the analysis of restriction endonucleases and pcr , 309 bp ctb gene had been cloned and the recombinant plasmid pectb was constructed .
the result of nucleotide sequencing showed that cloned ctb gene had positive reading frame in the plasmid pectb .
the binding site of transcriptional factor atf was also observed in the first intron .
it provides the useful information for study the regulation of specific expression in mammary gland and the establishment of t-pa mammary gland bioreactor .
the results indicated that immunolgical function of th1 , th2 in hbv transgenic mice was lower .
the common antigen components extracted from the isolated c. jejuni strain were examlned by sds-page and western blot analysis .
the results showed that the 4a7 mcab probe appeared positive reaction with about 62 000 protein band of the ca .
the specific reaction the recombinant pili and antiserum of d.nodosus serotype e pili was demonstrated by cross electrophoresis .
the result provides a reference for induction or colibacillosis in curative effect trial of new veterinary antibacterial medicine .
the fiber components determined included nonstarch polysaccharides , lignin and ploy-phenols , cell wall protein , and minerals .
it may be surmised that the improvement of the processing technology is critical for the quality of chinese double-low meal .
the tail flick latency and -endorphin in the blood significantly increased .
furthermore , the cleavage of zona pellucida did n't affect the developmental rate of the thawed embryos .
the difference among the biochemical reactions of the three fungi provide basis for identification of the pathogens .
after 5-6 , 18 and 24 h of culture , the embryos were classified as either affected or unaffected .
embryos cultured in normal serum could grow to morula or blastula .
those treated by ep with cyclophosphamidum ( cy ) were higher than treated only by cy ( p < < 0.05 ) .
the erythrocyte and leukocyte in different stages of development in the bone marrow from geese , ducks and chicken were observed under the light microscope and electron microscope .
the results were as follows : the erythrold cells in bone marrow of geese were bigger than those of ducks .
a few granules with round in shape and orange in color presented in the cytoplasm of eosinophilie promyelocyte
the cytoplasm of basophilic myelocytes at all stages contained the fewer purplered , finer and spherical granules than other leukocytes .
in contrast , erythrocytes which had wide nuclear eisterna and the fewer pores scattered near the vacuolar sinuses .
in the basophilic myelocytes , granules i appeared , in which fine content was seen .
in the mature stage , granules ii appeared with strip and rope content .
by inserting the f gene of ndv strain miyadera into the sma i site downstream of the hybrid promoter in puta-2-16lacz , an ex-pression plasmid puta-2-16laczf was constructed .
a 463 bp fragment was obtained by ecor i /sma i digestion of recombinant plasmid and was labeled with digoxigenindutp .
the probe could detect 4 pg homogeneous dna .
cells infected with vr-2332 and six bj isolates were examined by in-situ hybridization and were positive .
it was shown that the probe could be used to detect prrsv in tissues by in-situ hybridization .
the results showed that the concentration of t4 was significantly lower than that of the control group , while the concentration of t3 had only a rising tendency .
the results indicated that the ndv isolate oj99015 should be a virulent strain .
the determination of electron microscopy showed that there were canine distemper virus ( cdv ) -like virus in samples of died lesser pandas from a zoo .
detection of cdv rt-pcr was positive , and cdv lp strain was isolated from liver sample .
lp strain was proved by sn test to be a high immunogenic cdv strain .
the results showed that both cdv strains could induce apoptosis of infected cells .
it suggested that the mechanism of cell death may be different after infection of various cdv strains .
the whole reaction can be finished within 24 hours .
the characteristics of pathogenic bacteria causing tail rot in mud eels are described .
with the maximum number of gmr progeny to be obtained at 10-12 h postinfection .
the results were : in ach group , increased rapidly after injection ;
in hc-3 group , decreased rapidly after injection ;
in mp group , decreased at 60 min and / or 120 rain postinjection ;
in nx group and acsf group , showed no significantly change after injection .
cutting off the nerves of rats after pregnancy did n't affect keeping of pregnancy .
the results were as follows : the best time of enzymatic reacting was 10 minutes ;
the reasonable radio of effector cell to target cell was 15 to 1 ;
the wavelength of 570 nm was the best , because of its best linearity ;
two hours was the reasonable time of incubation ;
however , in a higher concentration , the cell proliferation would be suppressed .
the same result was got in canines of different ages in omnipaque myelography .
t1 / 2 ( 1 . 944 0 . 70 ) h ;
v1 ( 1.22 0 . 67 ) l / kg ;
vd ( area ) ( 3 . 894 1.58 ) l / kg ;
clb ( 1.30 0 . 19 ) l kg-1 h-1 ;
the main pharmacokinetic parameters were as follows : t1/2ka ( 0 . 22 0 . 19 ) h ;
after single p. o. administration in healthy chickens . the drug concentration-time data were analyzed by statistical moment methods .
the absorption of the drug was uncomplete after single i.m . and p. o. administration and eliminated slowly after i.m . administration in healthy chickens .
but in landrace , ag-nors was only located on the secondary constriction in the short arm of chromosome no . 10 .
the results showed that : 1 ) there were many yolks in the oocytes ;
2 ) after in vitro maturation for 22 h , the oocytes showed the maturation characteristics in ultrastructure ;
3 ) the mitochondria of the oocytes had light density and homogeneous base .
these results suggested that tgf- , in the way of paracrine , may play a key role in mouse early embryo development .
the survival of stored embryos was assessed by their ability to develop to expanded blastocysts in culture .
sequence analysis confirmed that the amplified il-2 gene is identical to the reported ovine il-2 gene .
the highest expression level was achieved when the rabies virus glycoprotein gene was regulated by cmv prom oter/enhancer .
specific antibodies against rabies virus were detected in sera of mice by means of elisa .
the antibody tit er went up with the increase of the amount of plasmids injected .
long lasting humoral immune responses were proved with elisa and pcr amplification 6 months after the primary inoculation .
the results showed that seven of them have positive reaction of bocd5 , bocd11b and sigm indicating that the tumor cells originate from b1a cells .
only one of them has positive reaction of bocd1 1b and sigm , but negative of bocd5 indicating its origin of b1b cells .
it is suggested that the tumor cells in ebl mainly originate from b1a cell , and the other lymphocytes can also be mutated to tumor cell in ebl .
the data indicated that cadmium could induce cellular injury and damage the plasma membrane integrity , and resulted in cadmium-induced lipid perox idation .
it is speculated that the increased gsh level in cd treated hepatocytes may result from the inhibition of the conversion of gsh into gssg .
the contents of serum fluorine , no and the activity of sod were determined at every other 30 days .
t he results showed as follows : serum f concentration presented a dose-effect regular rule ;
the results showed as follows : plasma levels of fn in experimental group were higher than that in control group significantly after 28 h treatment of high temperature ;
serum ast values were higher than that in control sig nificatly after 28 hand 52 h treatment of high temperature ;
serum tp and alb values were lower than control ;
all other parameters evaluated remained unchanged .
the results indicated that high temperature could induce selective increase in circulating leves of the acute phase protein-fibronectin in broilers .
showed that " jiang dan zeng dan ling " decreased the tg and tc in blood
jiang dan zeng dan ling " seems to be a hopeful additive to reduce the content of cholesterol in eggs .
the cows in the control group were only treated with purified fsh .
( 3 ) the ib active immunization showed no effect on the lh , e2 and p4 secretion prior to the secondary immunization .
the binding sites of uea-i were detected both in luminal and glandular epithelia of mouse uterus on days 1-4 of early pregnancy .
cloprostenol was used to control the onset of parturition in sows .
effect of n-methyl-d , l-aspartate ( nma ) on fat deposition and approach of the mechanism were studied in finishing swine .
these results indicated that nma could regulate the activity of the enzyme to affect the fat deposition of swine .
intercropping pleurotus clongatpes and vegetables , grape and strawberry in greenhouse was studied on the basis of routine cultivation in the paper .
ganoderma polysaccharides are the main functional composition of ganoderma .
shiitake cap alkali-extracted and waterextracted components were purified respectively to give two kinds of shiitake polysaccharides ( lea , lew ) .
machine operation was 30 times or so efficient as high as manual operation .
the results indicated that sclerotia was an important sign and a necessary stage in the formation of the fruit body ;
light , temperature and humidity were the key factors ;
" beiqi " residue can stimulate the forming of the sclerotia and the fruit body ;
the most suitable culture areas for morchella were poplar forest land and apple orchard ;
and woodash and poplar-root soil can promote the forming of the fruit body .
klinit dregs are the waste from the klinit production out of corncob .
have been achieved with the klinit dregs to cultivate lentinus edodes .
the cultivation cycle is shortened by 30 days and biotransformation rate is up to over 90 % .
thus , they were the suitable compositions for the cultivation of hericium erinaceus .
the conditions of protoplast formation and regeneration from the mycelia of ganoderma lucidum were studied .
when incubated on two layer plates of agar , the protoplasts regenerated and formed new mycelia of ganoderma lucidum .
it was discussed for g10 strain to dissolve potassium and stimulate the growth of mycelia in this paper .
the results indicated that the contaminated substrate is still great valuable for re-utilization .
termitomyces heim is a kind of precious edible fungus .
the shape , the classification and distribution , the living condition and the life cycle of termitomyces heim and utilization of termitomyces heim were reviewed .
we determined the ph changes of culture fluid , protein content and hyphostroma weight when pleurotus ostreatus was cultivated in the pdy medium .
the state of morchella esculenta is cultured on different culture media and the effects on hyphae of m. esculenta of temperature , ph value and light intensity studied .
the results show that the best corbon sources and nitrogen sources combination is sucros-urea , carbon-nitrogen ratio is 18 : 1 .
they are easy to operate and can give practical instruction to the artificial cultivation of tremella aurantialba .
the results presented the stability and reliability of the model and it was recommended to verify in the function experiments of health foods .
sudies were carried out to assess the ease-constipation function of the health food with the essential composition of aloe .
it indicated that oxidative stress was closely related with saccharometabolism and lipometabolism .
no pollution of pathogenic microorganisms ( i.e. salmonella , shigella , et al ) and active parasite or its cysticercus pollution was inspected out .
the geometric average of colony formingunits was 11481.54 / g , and 68.6 % of the samples were up to standard ( 5.0 104 / g ) .
to summarize the experience of diagnosis and treatment for cystosarcoma phyllodes of the breast ( cspb ) .
the diagnosis , treatment and follow-up results of 30 women with cspb were reviewed retrospectively .
result 12 of 30 cases underwent local excision ( 1-3times ) , who were diagnosed as adenofibroma or massive adenofibroma of the breast .
23 cases were treated by mastectomy , 6 cases by mastectomy and axillary node dissection , and 1 case by wide local excision .
the median follow-up was 5.2 years ( 2 to 15 years ) .
the 5-year overall survival rate was 97 % and lccal recurrence rate was 3.3 % .
conelusion massive adenofibroma of the breast is a precystosarcoma disease and mastectomy should be done if local recurrence occurs after local excision .
the prognosis of cspb is related to histological grade , tumor size and thoroughness of excision .
to study the characteristics of nipple discharge by breast-duct endoscopy with the purpose of diagnosing and treating mammary gland carcinoma .
review and analyse 22 cases by breast-duct endoscope .
the other 3 cases were carcinoma in situ or intraductal carcinoma of breast .
to study the causes of affected side 's upper extremities hypokinesia after reduced radical operation of breast cancer .
to evaluate the value of needle localized biopsy in the treatment of nonpalpable breast lesion .
carcinoma , fibroedenoma , intraductal papilloma , breast cyst all have strong indications for surgical management .
npbl should be biopsied as soon as possible , and nlb is recommended first .
summarize the long-term therapeutic results of modified radical mastectomy ( mrm ) for stage ii breast cancer .
follow-up of all cases were at least for 8 years .
compare the relationship between the operation style and the survival rate .
the 8-year survival rate were 73.9 % and 70.6 % , respectively in groups mrm and hrm , and no significant differences existed between the two groups .
the long-term therapeutic results of modified radical mastectomy were the same as halsted radical mastectomy for stage ii breast cancer .
patients with node-positive are suitable for using type iiof mrm .
to investigate the clinical value of telomerase activity by fine needle aspiration from breast masses for preoperative diagnosis of breast cancer .
telomerase activity detection of the samples obtained by aspiration from breast masses has practical value in preoperative diagnosis for breast cancer .
to investigate the causes , prophylaxis and therapy of deep venous thrombosis in the lower extremities ( ldvt ) after operations for rectal carcinoma .
methods 8 patients with ldvt after operations for rectal cancer from january 1991 to june 1999 were collected and analyzed retrospectively .
the main manifestations were lower limbs swelling ( n = 8 ) .
the 8 patients were confirmed by the color doppler ultrasonography .
they were all treated early by anticoagulation , platelet function suppressants and fibrinolytic therapy and their effects were satisfactory .
to explore the impact of abo-compatibility on the prognosis of orthotopic liver transplantation .
three cases of abo-incompatible liver transplantation were retrospectively analyzed .
abo-incompatibility may have a significant negative impact on graft survival and be only justifiable in emergency cases .
to provide basis for rationally selecting non-curative operative procedures for patients with terminal stage gastric carcinoma .
the two-year postoperative survival rate in pallitive resection was the highest ( p < 0.05 ) .
there were no significant mortality difference among procedures of distal , proximal partial and total gastrectomy ( p > 0.05 ) .
the effect of palliative resection was better than that of non-resections .
to determine the appropriate surgical treatment by studying lymph node metastasis and relative factors in gastric cancer .
there was lower rate of metastasis in n3 ( under 3 % ) , including some jump-type metastasis .
among multiorgan resections for tumor invading depth of beyond serosa , the en-bloc resection group had a better prognosis than infiltration resection group ( p < 0.05 ) .
the causes of death were peritoneal recurrence ( 74 % ) , hematogenous spread ( 22 % ) and local recurrence ( 4 % ) .
there was 3.6 % of gastric multicancer occurring in pylorus .
3extending radical resection can not raise the survival rate when there is severe tumor infiltration .
to find a safe , reliable and effective method to treat carcinoma of the liver in middle-late period .
the geometric average of coliform group was 208.93 mpn / 100g , and 55.4 % of the samples were up to standard ( 30 mpn / 100g ) .
the standards of the boneless fish of china was recommended on the basis of the study , and it is stricter than which of american and japan .
it was concluded that there is no differene between the methods of the two tests and they have closely correlation .
a method was developed for rapid determination of soybean saponins , the oleanolic acid was taken as the reference standard .
the results indicated that the intake of antioxidant nutrients could not meet the need of the body .
author 's adderss ren peilin , health snd anti-epidemic station of luwan district shanghai city , 200025 prc
the male wistar rats were fed with carbon tetrachloride with the dose of 160 mg / kg bw .
author 's adderss tong ying , beijing municipal center for hygiene and epidemic control , 100013 prc
lysophospholipids are produced from phospholipids by phospholipase a2 .
the affecting factors including concentration of enzyme , concentration of calcium ion , temperature and ph are studied .
the comparison of recipe and result is demonstrated and explained in the paper .
the conclusion is quite applicable for the production of chocolate and ice cream coating .
recent progress in research and development of galactooligosaccharides were presented along with introduction of their unique properties and advantages .
trehalose , a novel multifunctional food additive , is at present mainly produced from starch by enzymatic conversion method .
also presented are the preliminary studies on the reaction conditions of enzymatic conversion by the enzymes of the strain .
tea contains about 20 % complex polysaccharides . many studies have demonstrated that tea polysaccharides have effects on anti-radiation , anti-coaguation and preventing diabetes .
the ratio of bcaa ( branched chain amino acid ) vs. aaa ( aromatic amino acid ) was named as fischer ratio .
the effect of metallothionein on enhancing immunity was investigated in 2 month old mice with 3.3 g/kg.b w zn-mt .
the results indicated : compared with control group , low dose zn-mt could improve hepatic sod 9 % ( p < 0.05 ) ;
natrual d- -vitamin e ( prepared from natural resources ) is qualified cachet of vitamin e for its high quality .
the newly advanced technical level between domestic and international standards ;
the works in researching and developing natural d- -vitamin e undertaken by xinchang pharmaceutical company .
gluzymc , a glucose oxidase , can improve dough stability time and resistensce significantly through oxidising -sh into -s-s- .
antihypertensive peptides derived from food proteins can inhibit the activity of angiotensin 1-converting enzyme ( ace ) .
the mechanism , physiological activity , research progress and future applications of antihypertensive peptides were discussed .
however , with food processing amounts being 10 % of agricultural products , the production value of food industry is only 50 % of that of agricultural products .
a wider development & prospect shall be expected in areas like flour products , meat processing food and food preservation .
the flavor constituents may be used in six itmes of food flavorings and properties of their main notes were investigated in this paper .
here reviewed are the application of biotechnology in the preparation of flavoring substances , with the emphasis on biochemical methods for the manufacture of thermal process flavoring substances .
lactates , inclusive of sodium lactate and potassium lactate , are widely used in processed meat and poultry products as humectant and flavor enhancer in recent years .
these lactates are proved to effectively inhibit microbial growth , especially anaerobes .
the mechanism of lactates inhibiting microbial growth is explained as it lowers water activity andacidifies the intraceuular structure due to interference with the proton-transfer through the cell membrane .
of couse , other explanations have been proposed but not confu-med yet .
it has also been cited as effective in reducing symptom of diabetes , hypertension , and function as an immunoresponse modulator .
hence chitosan has been a favorite ingredient for the health food manufacturer .
in addition to its health benefit , chitosan was also used for flavor , aroma and color stabilizer in food industy .
its anti-bacterial function was also exploited in food preservation technology such as pickle , sausage , and fresh produce in order to reduce the use of other chemicals .
these special functions are directly related to the cationic charge and the molecular weight of the chitosan molecule .
the cationic charge on the other hand is a function of its degree of deacylation ( dac ) . previous studies on the subject are relatively few .
recent technologyadvancement has allowed the production of chitosan with various dac becoming routine .
it has been demonstrated that the function of chitosan at 99 % dac would be significantly different from those of 80 % dac .
on the subject of molecular weight , it is well known that the monomer of chitosan- glucoseamine would be useful for prevention of rheumatoid arthritis ,
the chitosan industry is at the brink of major breakthrough with all of these applications .
however , industrial production of chitosan has been limited by mw material availability .
although the naturally occurring chitin / chitosan has been estimated to be around i trillion-ton per year , only shrimp and crab shells are economically feasible .
annual yield of good quality mw material has been estimated to be only 75,000 ton in the world .
it would also be important to develop more added-value application of chitosan so as to utilize this versatile material better .
to study the effects of carbon dioxide ( cd2 ) pneumopertioneum on hemodynamics and blood gat of geriatric patients with abnormal cardiac function ,
blood pressure elevated significantly after insufflation of co2 .
it is proved that the laparoscopic cholecystectomy is safe and well done for the geriatric patients with abnormal cardiac function with careful preoperative preparations .
to summarize the experience of perioperative management for hyperthyroid heart diesase .
retrospectively analyze the treating experience of 76 cases of hyperthyriod heart diesase .
to further observe the effect of preoperative autologous transfusion in the elderly patients .
the patients trak ferrosi sucdnatis 150mg every 12 hours from the day of deciding to use autologous transfusion to the surgery operationday .
to explore the clinical features , early diagnosis and surgical treatment of gastric remnant cancer .
methods 17 cases of gastric remnant carcinoma admitted from january 1986 to june 1999 were studied retrospectively .
an annual screen program using flexible endoscopy with multiple random biopsy is recommended for male patients over 50 beginning from 10 years after gastrectomy .
total gastrectomy with d2 nodal dissection may be feasible as the surgical treatment .
to investigate the improvement of the treatment of the inguinal hernias .
operations on the patients who suffered from personal inguinal hernia according to the individual concrete condition can complerely prevent recurrence .
to summarize the experience of diagnosis and treatment to simple nipple discharge .
the diagnosis sensitivities of two techiniques were 66.7 % and 68.4 % respectively ( p > 0.05 ) .
methylene blue injection into breast duct in operation could help surgeons to explore and resect lesions .
film imaging techniques only had value to locate lesions , frozen section techinique was the only one method to make pathological diagnosis .
regional and lobular resection method should be advocated , blindly total mastectomy shoud be avoided if possible .
to study methods to increase early diagnosis rate of small bowel volvulus in adults .
methods 83 cases of small bowel volvulus confirmed by operation in our hospital were retrospectively analysed .
main causes ( 51 % ) were abdominal adhesion after opexations .
patients aged over 60 occupied 57 % .
diagnosis rate by plain abdominal x - ray was low ( 14.5 % ) .
to make clear the incidence , clinical characteristics and possible regional difference of gallbladder cancer in china .
a total of 3922 cases of gallbladder cancer between 1986 ~ 1998 were reviewed .
( 3 ) there was significant difference in the incidence between the north and south of china .
the incidence was higher in the countryside than in the city .
( 4 ) gallstones were found in about 49.7 % of the cases of gallbladder cancer . rr = 13.7 .
gallbladder cancer is common in the aged females . there is specific populational , time and regional difference in the distribution of gallbladder cancer .
to investigate a sensitive method for detecting lymph node micrometastases in colorectal carcinoma .
mmp-7 mrna was observed in 97.4 % ( 37 / 38 ) colorectal carcinomas , while it was undetectable in almost all the normal mucosas .
rt-pcr assay for mmp-7 mrna is a sensitive method for detecting lymph node micrometastases in patients with colorectal carcinoma , and may complement conventional histopathology .
to understand the safety and effect of treatment of enteral nutririon ( en ) on patients with hepatic dysfunction in the early postoperation .
( 2 ) the mild abnormities of be resulting from the operation were corrected with en and tpn , however , the fbs was not influenced .
( 3 ) it was useful to resume the gastroenteric function of patients if given the en early .
it was safe and effective that patients with hepatic dysfunction were givern en in the early postoperation , and the cost of en was cheaper than tpn .
to study the experiences of the application of curettage and aspiration technique ( cat ) in piggy-back orthotopic liver transplantation ( polt ) .
both patients recovered very well postoperatively .
curettage and aspiration technique as a method for operative dissection is very helpful in performing polt .
to study the causes , diagnosis and treatment of suhacute granulomatous thyroiditis ( sat ) .
clinical data of 32 eases with sat were analyzed retrospectively .
it was much more common in women than men , and 78 % cases with sat occurred during 30 ~ 50 years old .
29 cases were treated by prednisone and recovered well , and the rest 3 cases underwent operation incorrectly .
glucocorticoid is the best therapy to this kind of disease . there is no need for operation .
the operation method , therapeutic effect and complications prevention data of 3 cases of spk were studied .
all three patients were discharged with normal pancreas and kidneys grafts function in 3 ~ 4 weeks .
spk is the most effective therapeutic method for diabetes accompanied by dn .
to determine which polyps of the gallbladder should be operated on and what means should be used in its diagnosis .
the mean diameter of cholesterol polyps was 3.69 2.26mm , and that of adenoma was 8.0 3.31mm ;
97.7 % of cholesterol polyps were less than 10mm in diameter .
atypical hyperplasia was found in 1 case of adenoma .
b-ultrasonography is the most effective method in the diagnosis of plg .
and the plg with severe clinical symptoms and insensitive to medical treatment should also be operated on .
to investigate effects and variability of thyroid morphology and thyroid function after medicinal treatment by observing patients with subacute thyroiditis . in pre-treatment and post-treatment .
value of t3 , t4 decreased in 16 cases with high value of t3 , t4 ;
value of tga , tma became normal in 8 cases with high value of tga , tma .
thyroid volume gradually returned normal in 18 cases with full goiter ;
one patient was found coexistence with papillary thyroid cancer .
medicinal treatment of subacute thyroiditis has good effects , but other thyroid disease coexisting with subacute thyroiditis should be noticed .
to increase the knowledge of acute thyroiditis and decrease the misdiagnositic rate .
methods 21 cases of acute thyroiditis were analyzed clinically and their therapeutic methods were discussed .
10 out-patients of special department of thyroid were diagnosed by fnac .
11 in-patients were diagnosed by pathology .
clinical experience of treating hashimoto disease and its related factors were discussed
methods 42 cases of hashimoto disease were reviewed from 1993 to 1999 . their clinical behaviors , symptoms , diagnosis and treatment were analyzed .
fnab can be helpful . proper clinical projects will make the treatments more effective .
to investigate the clinical effect of surgical treatment on hashimoto disease ( hd ) complicated with thyroid tubercles .
all cases were given thyroxine and followed up for 2 years and no one presented hypothyroidism .
to further summarize our experience in diagnosis and surgical treatment of hashimoto 's disease .
from jan . 1995 to feb.1999,53 cases of hd were evaluated in their clinical findings , diagnosis and surgical treatment .
hd were surgically treated in all 53 cases and diagnosed by pathology , preoperative corrective diagnosis were 58.5 % ( 31 / 53 ) ,
to explore the hereditary way of familial hashimoto disease and the conditions of its concomitant disease .
in pedigree continuous transmission in a few generation was found .
one of the parents of the patients must occur this disease .
the incidence of the concomitant diseases was higher than that in sporadic hashimoto disease .
this article talked about the experience of managing patients with cardiovascular problems who underwent noncardiac surgery .
4 cases occurred cardiac infarct postoperatively . 8 cases dead .
to explore the indication and method in treatment of pancreatic cancer using pancreatectomy combined resection and reconstruction of blood vessel .
pancreaticrxtuodenectomy combined resection of superior mesenteric - portal vein was done in other 5 cases , sutured by means of a dacron graft .
the treatment that was regional pancreatectomy ( rp ) and pancreatectomy combined resection of blood vesssed can be done in carefully selected patients with pancreatic cancer .
in order to sum up the clinical management experiences of the injuries to the portal vein in pancreativoduodenectomy .
analyze the injuries to the portal vein in pancreaticoduodenectomy of 7 cases .
results 5 patients recovered , 1 patient occurred wound infection , 1 died .
to summarize the principles of management for synchronous masses in the liver and gastrointestinal tract .
the clinical data of 12 cases who had non - metastasis synchronous masses in the liver and gi tract were analyzed .
so it is important to select the correct treatment according to the pathological diagnosis .
operation mortality rate was 3.1 % .
recurrence rate was 70.0 % . and 5,3,2,1 , year survival rates were 13.5 % , 33.3 % , 42.8 % , 85.1 % respectively .
to study the frequency and clinicopathologic characteristics of hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer ( hnpcc ) ,
we analyzed the clinicopathologic and follow - up data of 550 colorectal carcinoma ( crc ) patients . all hnpcc patients fulfilled amsterdam criteria or japanese criteria .
of all 550 crc patients , 6 patients ( 1.1 % ) fulfilled amsterdam criteria , 19 patients ( 3.5 % ) fulfilled japanese criteria .
hnpcc had special clinicopathologic characteristics and the frequency of hnpcc here was similar to the foreign reports .
objeeitve to study the principle of clinical diagnosis and therapy of cystic hyperplasia of rnammary dysplasia .
only one case of adenosis showed malignant change 10 years after operation .
it is necessary to make routine pathologic examination to prevent malignant change and missing diagnosis .
all of them had no complication .
to evaluate the chemotherapy effect and implantation techniques of implanted drug delivery system in patients with late carcinoma of head of pancreas .
the longest survival time after operation in a group is a year and a half .
the chemotherapy of dds in late carcinoma of head of pancreas can improve clinical symptoms and prolong the mean survival time .
to evaluate the clinical effects of hypocaloric parenteral nutrition ( hpn ) and recombinant human growth hormone ( rhgh ) on surgical critical patients .
the combined procedure is rational and practical for some pathological types of bcs .
the other 6 cases received no operation . apache ii scoring was obtained during admission and sequentially then at interval of 24 ~ 48hrs .
dynamic apache ii scoring of patients elevating steadily or abruptly revealed a poor prognosis or emerging severe complications .
it can also be used as the indicator of surgical interventions .
to investigate the choice of surgical therapy for the pancreaticoduodenal region invaded by or involved in stomach carcinoma .
methods 42 patients with stomach carcinoma invaded by or involved in pancreaticoduodenal region from june 1994 to december 1999 were analyzed retrospectively .
the patients were with primary gastric cancer ( n = 41 ) and recurrence after gastric cancer radical surgery ( n = 1 ) .
the survival rate of pd group and srr group was markedly better than that of po group respectively ( p < 0.01 ) .
to investigate whether enteral nutrition decreases the level of blood endotoxin in patients performed with surgeries , compared with the parenteral nutrition .
forty-one patients received major abdominal surgeries were randomized into enteral nutrition group ( n = 21 ) and parenteral nutrition group ( n = 20 ) .
on the day 1 postoperatively , the patients received either enteral nutrition or parenteral nutrition .
the level of proteins in both groups has no significant difference on day 3 and day 8 postoperatively .
alt and bilirubin had no significant changes during the period .
the level of endotoxin in enteral nutrition group increased on day 3 postoperatively , and decreased on day 8 postoperatively .
compared with the parenteral nutrition , enteral nutrition can decrease the level of blood endotoxin in patients performed with surgeries .
to discuss the detection of tumor micrometastases in regional lymph node of colorectal carcinoma and its clinical significance .
of the remaining 84 negative lymph nodes , 8 lymph nodes were with positive expression of k19 mrna .
the k19 mrna rt-pcr method can sensitively detect regional lymph nodes micrometastases and is helpful to the diagnosis .
to study the correlation of number of involved lymph nodes and the prognosis of gastric carcinoma .
the overall 5-year survival rate was 29.59 % ,
with the increase of depth of cancer invasion , number of involved lymph node elevated .
to study the efficacy and indications of antibiotic lock technique in the treatment of catheter-related sepsis .
only 7 of the 13 cases of catheter sepsis were successful .
these organisms were resistant to ceftazidine .
antibiotic lock technique in the treatment of crs was some kinds of efficacy .
to investigate the management of postoperative complications of budd-chiari syndrome ( bcs ) .
the clinical data of 782 patients with bcs from may 1983 to december 1999 were retrospectively analyzed .
postoperative complication occurred in 144 cases ( 18.4 % ) and 24 patients ( 2.9 % ) died of serious complications within a month of operation .
to investigate the effective therapy of giant hemangiomas .
preoperative transarterial embolization plays an important role in total excision of giant hemangioma .
to study the effect of lower-molecular-weight heparin ( lmwh ) on diabetic nephropathy ( dn ) .
methods 60 cases of dn were divided into two groups ( a , b ) .
urinary protein reduced significantly ( p < 0.01 ) in group a after therapy .
lmwh can reduce urinary protein on dn with clinical proteinuria .
to assess the value of detecting dr-70tm in serum to the diagnosis of maglignant tumor .
by using elisa , dr-70tm was detected in patients with various malignant tumor , and the control group of healthy persons was set up .
the detection of serum dr-70tm is of definite value to the diagnosis of malignant tumor in early stage .
to evaluate the effect of phentolamine together with antibiotics in treament for primary peritonitis .
to study the feasibility of prosthesis-interpositioned splenorenal venous shunt .
no complication and mortality was reported during a follow-up of five to twelve months .
no rebleeding and encephalopathy was reported .
prosthesis-interpositioned splenorenal venous shunt is simple , safe and effective in the treatment of cirrhotic portal hypertension .
to evaluate the efficacy of ultrasonically guided radiofrequency ( rf ) thermal ablation of malignant hepatic tumors with a clustered electrodes .
for liver metastases in so far as tumor nodule , most tumor nodules reduced in size after rf ablation .
ultrasound guided rf thermal ablation may be an effective , safe , minimally invasive technique for treating malignant hepatic tumors .
the present study is to investigate the clinical effect of sang cha on treating infectious diarrheas through the inhibiting action on bacteria .
the clinical effective rate of sang cba was 89.4 % while the control group was 68.3 % ( p < 0.01 ) .
the results demonstrated that sang cha could inhibit s. typhimurium and s. aureus , but no response to e.coli .
ang cha is ar . effective composia in treating infectious diarrheas , and its therapeutic effect may be relative partly to its inhibition to bacteria .
to define the clinical significance of serum soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor- i ( stnfr- i ) in patients with malignant carcinoma of digestive system .
this study suggests that measurement of serum stnfr- i in patients with alignant carcinoma of digestive system is useful for the diagnosis and prognosis .
to explore the clinical significance of red blood cell polyamine ( rbcpa ) in the diagnosis of primary hepatic carcinoma ( phc ) .
spermidine ( spd ) and spermine ( spm ) of rbcpa in the blood were detected quantatively by high performance liquid chromatography in 56 inpatients with digestive diseases .
spd and spin of malignant digestive diseases increased significantly than those of benign digestive diseases ( p < 0.01 ) ;
there was n't significant difference in spm between phc and non- hc malignant digestive diseases ( p > 0.05 ) .
the sensitivity of phc group : spd 90 % , spin 85 % .
specificity : spd 83.3 % , sprn 77.8 % .
rbcpa may become a tumor marker of phc .
associated detection of afp , the sensitivity and accuracy of diagnosis of phc may be improved and they are complementary .
to study the clinical significance of telomerase and pcna expression in gastric mucosa obtained from endoscopy .
expression of telomerase was well related with pcan in gastric cancer .
in order to probe into the relationship between soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 ( sicam - 1 ) and viral hepatitis .
serum levels of sicam -1 were measured by elisa in 61 patients with chronic hepatitis b.
to investigate the functional state of platelet in the patients with ulcerative colitis .
to compare fev1 with fev1 / fvc as judging criteria for airflow obstruction of copd .
to investigate the value of testing cyfra 21-1 level in diagnosis of non-small cell lung cancer ( nsclc ) combined with pleural effusion .
testing the level of cyfra 21-1 in pleura [ effusion plays an important role in diagnosis of nsclc .
to investigate the action of vasoprssin on heart remoulding by the treatment of opc-21268 in aortal-caval shunt rats .
myocyte hypertrophy in a-c shunt rats can be inhibited by opc-21268 .
serum cardiac troponin i may be a sensitive marker for determining cardiac lesion in patients with liver cirrhosis .
to explore the clinical features and magnetic resonance angiography ( mra ) diagnosis in intracranial venous sinus thrombosis ( ivst ) .
the clinical presentations , causes , prognosis and mra results of 8 patients with ivst diagnosed by mra were retrospectively reviewed .
to investigate the effects of losartan on renal function in patients with dderly essential hypertension ( eh ) .
treatment lasted for 12 weeks , and parameters of renal function and blood pressure were measured before and after treatment .
no significant difference was found between losartan and benazepril ( p > 0.05 ) .
while lowering hypertension , losartan is effective on the decrease of albuminuria and protection of renal function in patients with elderly eh .
to study the changes of serum collagenase in the pregnancy and parturition periods and its relation with cervical ripening .
the level of collagenase was positively related with the bishop score of cervix .
the results show that collagenase secreted by leucocytes plays an important role in parturitin and may be an objective index in evaluating cervical ripening .
to investigate the curative effect of the acetylspiramycin on toxoplasmosis infection during pregnancy .
acetylspiramycin was a safe and effective chemical medicine in treating toxoplasmosis infection during pregnancy .
to study the effidency of inhaling laughing gas for labor pain relief and its effects on mother and fetus .
methods 250 primiparas were randomly divided into the observational group and the control group .
the control group was given the same treatments as that in the observational group but inhaling laughing gas .
the rates of good uterine contractions in the two groups were 77.04 % and 90.98 % respectively ( p < 0.05 ) ;
the rates of postpartum haem-orrhage ( 500ml ) were 17.21 % and 3.27 % respectively ( p < 0.01 ) ,
the rates of additional oxytocin use were 13.93 % and 1.63 % respectively ( p < 0.01 ) .
the maximum additional dosage of oxytocin was 60iu ~ 80iu .
to investigate the pain relief effects of combined subarachnoid epidural analgesia and its infuences on the labor course and both mothers and infants .
the incidence of nausea and vomiting was between 5 % to 10 % , and no respiratory depression in three groups .
to discuss the prognostic factors of primary carcinoma in vagina and treatment methods .
result 5-year survival rate and 10-year survival rate were 50.9 % and 38.1 % respectively .
radiotherapy with a total dose of less than 60gy had a significantly greater local recurrent rate compared with that with more than 60gy ( p < 0.05 ) .
the patients with combination therapy had higher complete response and 5-year survival rate compared with patients treated by radiotherapy alone ( p < 0.05 ) .
the prognostic factors include stage , pathology , tumor position , treatment method and radiotherapy dose .
to study the changes of cardiac function in postmenopausal women .
the cardiac hemodynamic parameters were measured by color doppler echocardiography in 30 postmenopausal and 24 reproductive women .
the low estrogen level in menopausal women will do harm to their cardiac function .
to discuss the indications for cesarean section in our hespital in recent years .
we retrospectively studied the indications for cesarean section of 3475 cases in our haspital . results the average rate of cesarean section was 45.2 % .
neonatal morbidity and mortality was 13.6 % and 1 . 1 % , respectively .
there was no significant change in map , serum no3- and plasma et after infusion of placebo .
hanp influences no production and et secretion and may play an important role in improving the pathophysiological changes in patients with pih .
to study the merit and shortcoming of 3 types of cesarean section ( cs ) in order to identify one type with the most advantage and safety .
to evaluate the possible role of anca in the endothelial cell damage of pih .
anca may play a role in the mechanism of endothelial cell damage in pih .
to evaluate the prominent merit of new mode cesarean section ( cs ) .
in addition , there was no stimulation to the bladder , and no hematuria or disuria after operation .
the new mode cesarean section can be universally used in clinic .
to investigate the prenatal diagnosis and delivery mode for fetal macrosomia in order to decrease the complications in both mothers and neonates .
we analyzed 505fetal macrosomia in the diagnosis , delivery mode and complications , and compared them with those in normal weight fetus .
to explore more appropriate treatment for n on-endometrioid carcinoma of endometrium .
different surgical range and assistant therapy should be selected according to different sub-pathologic type of non-endometrioi d carcinoma of endometrium .
to investigate the expression of p16 and cyclind1 in endometrial carcinoma and their clinical significance .
method 42 cases of endometrial carcinoma were studied by immunohistochemical technique ( lsab ) .
co-expression of p16 and cyclind1 could be .seen in 15 cases of endometrial carcinoma , all of which were of late-stage or low-differentiation cancer .
to investigate the frequency and pattern of fas expression in ovarian tumor specimens and cell lines and to elucidate its significance in tumorigenesis .
sfas exists commonly in human ovarian tumors and cancer cell lines .
lack of tufas might be of biological importance in determining drag duration and / or apoptosis of ovarian tumor cells during their progression .
to discuss the prognostic value of half-life of serum ca125 in patients with epithetial ovarian carcinoma .
to investigate the alterations of bcl-2 gene expression in human cervical carcinoma and their clinical significance .
bcl-2 gene expression was found to be positively correlated with the poor differentiation and shorter survival time .
to investigate the value of peritoneal washing cytology ( pwc ) in operative-pathological staging and prognosis of endometrial carcinoma .
of 11 pwc-positive cases , 7 died of cancer within 2 to 26 months after operation .
by peritoneal washing chromasome- cytok3gy ( pwcc ) , the cancer cell detection rate was 21.11 % ( 19 / 90 ) .
all the pwc-positive cases were also found pwcc-positive ( 11 / 11 ) . 3 pwcc-positive cases with negative pwc died of cancer .
to observe the effects of methyl carprost suppository given sublingually on postpartum bleeding in normal parturients .
the controls were given 20iu oxytocin intravenously after the delivery of fetus . the amount of bleeding within 2 hours after delivery was measured .
objectve annexin v-fitc / pi-fcm method was used to detect quantitatively the apoptosis of ovarian carcinoma cell line-ovcar induced by 5-fu .
to study the hemodynamic changes in pregnant women with viral myocarditis ( vmc ) during casearean section and vaginal delivery .
to investigate maternal-fetal outcome in pregnant women complicated with congenital heart disease and the principle of management in perinatal period .
clinical data of 165 pregnant cases with congenital heart disease were analysed retrospectively .
there was one infant macrosornia in 46 cases with previous cardiac correction surgery , but sca preterm birth , mother and perinatal infant deathes were not detected .
many women with congenital heart disease can have a pregnancy .
cesarean section is the better choice of safe delivery .
to study the change of left ventricular function in pregnancy complicated with heart disease .
we should pay attention to the monitoring of the left ventricular diastolic function of patients with cardiac function class iii ~ iv in clinical practice .
to investigate the effect of maternal docosahexaenoic acid ( dha ) on the neurodevelopmental quotient of normal term babies .
results ( 1 ) dha of maternal blood had a positive correlation with gestational weeks .
( 2 ) dha of cord blood was significantly lower than that of materal blood , and was positively correlated with that of full-term maternal blood and colostmm .
( 4 ) dha of cord blood was positively correlated with that of baby 's mdi and pdi .
( 5 ) mdi and pdi of full breast-feeding group were significantly higher than that of mixed feeding and bottle feeding groups .
dha levels of maternal blood and breast milk are closely related to the neurological development of the brain in both fetus and infants .
to study the value of eolpoecopy for the diagnosis of lower female genital eondyloma .
to study 250 cases of female genital lower condylorna with colposcopy from january 1994 to january 1998 .
the rate of findings with clinical diagnosis for cervical condylorna was 34.40 % , with colposcope was 76.80 % .
the diagnosis of the condyloma with colposcopy may be a feasible , practical , seatheless and highly effective new morphologic technique .
to detect the causes of recurrent spontaneous abortion ( rsa ) .
the 44.2 percent cases are of unexplained rsa .
to investigate the reliability and safety of multifetal pregnancy selective reduction and its effect on pregnancy outcome .
in order to improve the prognosis of the ne wborns , the amniotic fluid replacement treatment was performed on pregnant women with moderate to severe meconium-stained amniotic fluid .
the replacement treatment of meconium-stained amniotic fluid can improve the prognosis of newborns .
to investigate the way and the effects of a mnioinfusion ( ai ) on treating oligohydramnios in labor .
the stage and morbidity of mothers and fetuses were observed and analysed .
amnioinfusion therapy is a simple and effective way in treating patients with rupture of membranes and oligohydramnios in labor .
and 30 cases were taken as the control .
in the middle stage of pih pregnancy , et and txa2 were significantly higher than those in normal pregnancy ( p0.01 , p0.05 ) .
moreover , the ratios of et / anp and txa2 / pgi2 increased significantly .
the frozen-thawed tissue was examined with the same methods as above .
the fetal follicle ; could develop to more mature stages and secrete estrodial in tissue culture and the amount of estrodial increased with the long culture time .
the positive expression of fsh-binding , lh-binding and lh-r were detected only in tissue obtained above 20 gestational weeks .
to study the efficacy and safety of taking misoprostol suspension per os at lower dosage for inducing term labor .
otherwise , misoprostol was stopped immediately . 70 subjects of group b received intravenous oxytocin for controls .
the success rate of labor induction was 88.57 % in group a and 82.86 % in group b ( p0.05 ) .
the average interval from start of labor induction to onset of labor in group a was significantly shorter than that in group b ( p0.05 ) .
it is safe , effective and convenient to induce term labor with misopros tol suspension in lower dosage . this method was better than that of oxytocin infusion .
to determine the clinical effects of intrav aginal estriol suppository on senile vaginitis .
intravaginal estriol suppository is effective in remitting the perimenopausal syndrome and improving the vaginal condition .
the difference of sce levels between the two groups was statistically significant ( p0.01 ) .
one of the causes of pih may be related to heredity injury . thus , sce will be a new index to diagnose and predict pih .
to study the correlation between the incidence of malignant ovarian tumor and their family history of malignant tumor .
methods 335 ovarian neoplasma in our hospital were retrospectively analysed .
the incidence of the family history of malignant tumor in patients with malignant ovarian tumor is significantly higher than that in the benign one .
pfca2 + i and the level of serum calcium were measured by fluorescene method in 1093 pregnancies of 5 ~ 40 gestational weeks .
pfca2 + i is associated with pih and it may be an index in predicting pih .
to study the expression of hmlh1 gene in epithelial ovarian cancers and its relationship to clinicopathological feature .
the expression of hmlh1 gene in 46 patients with epithelial ovarian cancers were examined by immunohistochemistry sp method .
analysis also indicated that hmlh1 expression was n't related to the stages and histological types of the ovarian tumors .
to study the pregnancy outcome and the clinical value of nst in polyhydramnios in the last trimester .
there is close relationship between pregnancy outcome of p olyhydramnios in the last trimester and its time of onset , quality and degree .
non -stress test has a higher clinical value in foretelling perinatal prognosis of p olyhydramnios .
to discuss the cause and related factors of oligohydramnios , pursue the correct treatment and reduce the mortality of perinatal infant .
methods 117 cases of oligohydramnios were clinically analysed .
oligohydramnios occured frequently beyond the 40 weeks of gestation ;
the accurate rate of estimated amniotic fluid volume by ultrasono graphy reached 95 % ;
nuchal cord and excessively short of cord in oligohydra mnios occurred significantly higher than those in control groups ( p0.01 ) ;
once oligohydramnios diagnosed , cesarean section should be considered when necessary .
to analyse the effects of oligohydramnios in post expected date of confinement pregnancies on both mothers and their babie s.
to study the factors which influence inducing ovulation by clomiphene citrate ( cc ) in polycystic ovarian syndrome ( pcos ) patients .
methods 94 infertility pcos patients were given cc to induce ovulation .
the hyperandrogenesis , hyperlutemia , insulin resistance and high bmi had negative effects on induction of ovulation by cc in pcos patients .
to study the endometrium pathologic characteristics in polycystic ovary syndrome ( pcos ) and the effects of the clinical endocrinic and metabolic changes on endometrium .
to investigate the clinical characteristics and treatment of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ) .
clinical data of 43 ohss patients were analyzed retrospectively .
ohss can be cured by intensive care and treatment .
in vivo , the survival time and rate of tumor-bearing mice treated with medroxyprogesterone or adriamycin alone were not improved significantly .
to analyse the prevalence , etiology , presentation and prognosis of cervical cancer in women under 35 years old .
the rate of hpv positive was 45.9 % ( 17 / 37 ) , 18.5 % ( 22 / 119 ) , respectively ( p < 0.01 ) .
there is an increasing prevalence of cervical cancer in women under 35 years old , which is possibly related to the sexual transition .
to determine the prognostic factors of stage iv epithelial ovarian cancer .
age , pathologic type and differentiation degree showed no significant effects on the prognosis .
we suggest that the complete cytoreductive surgery and proper chemotherapy be necessary in improving the survival peroids of patients with stage iv epithelial ovarian cancer .
to investigate the effects of ru486 on first trimester trophoblast cells in the events of signals transduction and apoptosis .
the apoptotic phase syncytiocytes as apoptosis index ( ai ) in every group were counted .
10 cases of them ( 5 in effective group and 5 in ineffective one ) were observed ultrastructurelly with the apoptosis by transmission electron microscopy .
but ineffective group showed inactivation in response to ru486 by the functional disorders and depression of recepter-mediators on pr , er and egf in primary stage .
to investigate the influence of mifepristone on the ultrastructure of human fetal myocardial tissue .
immediately after delivery of fetus , myocardial tissue was acquired and prepared for transmission electron microscopic examination .
in comparison with the control groups , the myocardial tissue of mifepristone group displayed the following morphological changes : 1muscle cells were edematous and mitochondria were markedly swollen .
2glycogen particles were completely depleted in cytoplasm .
3in some muscle cells , myofilaments were flocky in appearance and showed no cross striations .
4in interstitium , extravasal red cells , thrombocytes and cell debris were often seen .
mifepristone can cause a hypoxic damage in the second trimester fetal myocardial tissue .
to explore the effects of mifepristone on decidual and chorial estrogen receptor ( er ) and progestogen receptor ( pr ) in early pregnancy .
decidual er positive cell percentage in ordinary induced abortion was ( 16.13 4.75 ) % , pr was ( 61.33 5.45 ) % ,
mifepristone could make decidual and chorial er and pr expression less , which perhaps could be concerned with metorrhagia long time by drug induced abortion .
we performed a prospective randomized clinical trial . total numbers of 200 cases were recruited in this study .
the cumulative continuation rate was 88.8 and 97.0 per 100 women respectively at 12 months , there was no statistical significance ( p > 0.05 ) .
the cumulative continuation rate were 88.8 and 93.0 per l00 women at 24 months . follow-up rate was 100 % at 36 months .
the pregnancy rates were 1.0 and 3.0 per 100 women respectively and removal rates were 2.0 and 5.0 per l00 women for medical reasons .
the new design of the flaxigargd iud showed low pregnancy rate , high efficacy and high acceptabilily rate .
the study suggested that t cu380a also had high efficacy and low side-effect iud .
objectvie to study the effects of gnrha on expression of bcl-2 / bax mrna in uterine leiomyoma .
the ratio of bcl-2 / bax mrna in leiomyoma of gnrha-treated patients was significantly decreased than that of control group .
the descent of bcl-2 / bax mrna ratio which can induce cell apoptosis may be one of the important molecular mechanisms in regression of gnrha-treated leiomyoma .
to investigate the clinical significance of the cytology measurement of the csf to the diagnosis of cnsl .
adopt the su 's fmu-5 microscope slids depositer to collect the cells of the csf and detect under the microscope .
results 18 patients with various leukemia had been measured 126 times . the positive results of the patientsand the samples were 38.8 % and 15.9 % respectively .
the cytology measurement of the csf is one of the reliable methods which are used to diagnose cnsl , especially to diagnose those whose clinical symptoms are negtive .
this method is very valuable for the early diagnosis , prognostic judgement and therapeutic monitor of the cnsf .
to study the feasibility of gene diagnosis and prenatal gene diagnosis in patients with spinal muscular atrophy ( sma ) .
homozygous deletion of smn exogenote 7 was identified in 96.8 % ( 30 / 31 ) of patients with sma .
no deletion of smn exogenote 7 was found in two cases for prenatal diagnosis .
this dna analysis of smn gene may be useful for gene diagnosis and prenatal gene diagnosis of sma .
to evaluate the clinical significance of myelin basic protein ( mbp ) in children with central nervous system ( cns ) viral and bacterial infection .
the elisa method was used to analyze the level of mbp in the serum and csf of 48 children with cns infection .
mbp level in the serum and csf could be a diagnostic sign of cns infection .
to study the infectious state of virus and mycoplasma pneumoniae leading to children 's acute respiratory tract infection in recent 5 years in shanghai area .
to research on lipidic metabolic relations between newborn infants and pregnant women .
order of concentrations of.serum chol , tg , apoa1 , apob was that pregnant women > umbiliacl control adults > newborn infants > umbilical cord blood .
measured results of the newborns were not affected by those of pregnant women .
concentrations of serum chol , tg , apob of the newborns varied increasingly with their days after birth , but concentration of serum apoa1 didn 't .
hyperlipidemia of pregnant women can n't reduce hypolipemia of their newborns .
to investigate the characteristics of diagnosis , therapy and prognosis in children with neuroblastomas .
pre-operative chemotherapy was in a period of 12 ~ 18 days .
tumors were resected in all cases .
first chemotherapy is effective to neuroblastoma . later , operation is a good way .
bone marrow puncture and urine vma are better methods for diagnosis of neuroblastoma .
to explore the relationship between myocardial calcium transport and cardiac function of tetralogy of fallot ( tof ) children .
there is close relationship between the disturbance of the calcium transport in myocardial cells and diastolic dysfunction which exists in tof children .
to find out the recovery of coronary artery diseases in kawasaki disease ( kd ) .
during the acute or subacute phases , 74 cases were found with abnormal ecg .
the kd children without cad had normal follow-up results .
about 60 % of kd patients who suffer from cad will recover in 10 years , and aspirin should be taken until cad disappears .
to investigate the characteristics of the clinical manifestations and diagnosis of bartter 's syndrome in children .
most of children with the syndrome were male ( 66.7 % ) .
the first symptom was polyuria and polydipsia in 92.3 % of the children .
( 2 ) obvious increases of renin , angiotesin ii and aldosteron in sera , but the blood pressure was almost normal ;
( 3 ) failure to thrive was prominant ( 84.6 % ) , among them 4 children had mental retardation ;
( 4 ) comprehensive therapy with indomethacin , antisterone and potassium had remarkable effect .
to study the clinical characteristics of myasthenia gravis ( mg ) in children in china .
retrospective study was done on 1381 children who were diagnosed and treated at tongji hospital from 1956 to 1999 .
to approach the characteristics of clinical , eeg and therapy on electrical status epilepticus during sleep ( eses ) .
eses is a specific eeg phenomenon rather than an independent syndrome .
long-term and continuous abnormal discharges is the main cause of impairment of higher cortical function resulted from eses .
antiepileptic therapy should not only control clinical seizures , but also inhibit epileptic discharges .
to compare the cost and cost-effectiveness of sodium valproate and carbamazepine for the treatment of children with epilepsy .
the major cost in the treatment of epilepsy was direct cost .
considering the effectiveness and the costs , the vpa therapy is more efficient than the cbz therapy .
the vpa therapy should be recommended for its higher efficacy .
to evaluate the therapeutic effects of continuous and intermittent intravenous drip of calcium gluconate .
it is very effective to treat baby 's tetany with continuous intravenous drip of calcium gluconate .
to evaluate the efficacy of erythropoietin in prevention and treatment of anemia of prematurity .
both these two groups had oral supplement of elemental iron 5rog kg-1 d-1 from the 15th day of life .
serum ferritin dropped more significantly in the treated group during the study period .
the need for transfusion in the treated group was significantly less than that in the control group ( p < 0.05 ) .
there were statistically significant differences between these two groups in the rate of weight gain ( p < 0.05 ) .
early administration of high dosage of rhu-epo can lighten the degree of anemia , reduce or replace the need for blood transfusion .
enough iron supplementation can increase the efficacy of rhu-epo .
research on the disease relationship between polymorphism of hla-dqa1 alleles and the susceptibility of juvenile myasthenia gravis ( jmg ) .
methods 40 jmg patients from south china were analyzed and hla-dqa1 alleles were determined using pcr-rflp genotype method , compared with that of health controlled group .
frequency of dqa1 * 0501 allele reduced in jmg patients .
a descriptive study was conducted to investigate the perinatal characteristics of osteogenesis imperfecta in china .
the mated abnormlities accounted for 76 % of the cases , most of which involved the skeletal systems .
to detect the bacteria sensitivity and treamaent in newborns with ventilator-associated pneumonia .
analyse the diagnosis and treatment of 103 newborns with ventilator-associated pneumonia , the culture results of the sputum and gastric juice .
gram negative bacteria is the most important bacteria in the newborns with ventilator-associated pneumonia and has high drug tolerance . it should be prevented and treated carefully .
to investigate the cytomegalovirus ( cmv ) infection and transmission between mothers and infants
thirty-six mother-infant pairs ' urine and sixteen mothers ' breast milk were examined for cytomegalovirus isolation and sera of twenty-six infants for anti-cmv igm antibody were detected .
condusian breast milk is the major source of cmv infection acquired by infant .
infantile hepatitis syndrome and pneumonitis of the younger are mainly infected by cmv .
the rate of unfavourable prognosis in lizhusaile and danshen injection groups were lower than in citicoline and hyperbaric oxygen groups .
the saxsitivity of estimated prognosis by the nbna mark was 96.3 % after 14 days .
to learn the physiology of esophageal motility and to examine the esophageal motility basis in the occurrence of gastroesophageal reflux ( ger ) in children .
to investigate the diagnostic criteria of childhood aplastic anemia .
hematological parameters of 61 acute aplastic anemia and 45 chronic aplastic anemia patients were retrospectively analyzed .
acute aplastic anemia cases showed the following hematological features : pancytopenia , absolute granulocytopenia and reticulocytopenia , higher percentage of lymphocyte ;
higher percentage of non-myeloid cells and the decreased number of megakaryocytes in the active marrow .
to study the changes of plasma bilirubin level in asphyxial neonates .
the plasma bilirubin level in the moderate group was significantly lower than that in the control group ( p < 0.01 ) .
to investigate the clinical feature and evaluate the effectivenexs of medicinal treaunent in childhood absence epilepsy ( cae ) .
a retrospective investigation was performed to analysc the clinical and laboratory data in 34 patients with cae .
the onset age of cae ranges from 4 to 11 years old , with a peak around 4 to 8 years ( 65 % ) .
brain ct or mri was normal in 34 patients and valproic acid ( vpa ) was the drag of first choice .
6 months to 4 years follow-up was carried out , during which 25 out of 31 patients were controlled by single drug .
to investigate the clinical value of somatoserksory evoked potentials of the median nerve in highrisk neonates .
cortical potentials n20 were obtained in 30 normal controls , but only cortical potentials n20 at 58 was obmined in high-risk neonates .
to examine the incidence and the clinical features of glomerular disease complicated with pulmonary embolism in children .
to analyze the characteristics and prognosis of leukemia with shock in picu .
results 47 shock occured 20.8 % of mortality . 32 cases died , accounted - for 68.1 % of mortality .
all cases showed the characteristics and prognosis of the subacute complicated shock .
monitoring organ hypoperfusion and uncontroled inflammatory - immunology response may be of helpful to prevention and early recognition of shock .
to detect the diagnostic value of csf uneonjugated bilirubin ( ucb ) in neonatal bilirubin encephalopathy .
the csf ucb level in bilirubin encephalopathy was 13.69 2.82 mol / l , which was singificant higher than that .
there was correlation between csf ucb and serum ucb in three groups .
there were positive correlation between csf ucb and serum b/a ratio in inbilinm eneephalopathy and eontrols , but no correlation in breast milk jaudice .
csf ucb is a reliable indicator in diagnosing bilirubin encephalopathy .
the ratio of b/a is a more sensitive indicator of bilirubinic toxicity than serum ucb .
to study the role of non-capsulsted haemophilus influenzae ( nhi ) and branhamella catarrhalis ( b. car ) in children with pneumonia .
nhi and b. cat infection was fonnd in 2 ( 3.78 % ) and 5 ( 9.43 % ) cases of pneunmonia children respectively .
and both hni and b. cat were coinfected with other becteria in these patients .
the infiarnmatory response mediated by the cd40l abnormal signaling were related to the pathogenesis of hsp .
to observe the clinical outcome of leukotriene autagonistin treating the pediatric asthma .
resalts accorlate shows obvious efficacy in 12 cases , efficacy in other 16 cases but no effect on 3 cases .
accolate had satistactory effects on pediatric asthma .
the problems and the research strategy of china are discussed in this field .
ovarian tissue cryopreservation is being developed as a method for preserving the ovarian function of young women at risk of early ovarian failure and young cancer patients .
now this research is still at animal experimental stage .
the cryoprotectants have also been investigated and lots of methods to evaluate the viability of frozen-thawed ovarian tissue produced .
recently , a lamb was born after orthotopic transplantation of frozen ovine ovarian tissue .
we believe that human being will be benefited from this work .
to promote the success rate of tracheal intubation in rats .
comparison of traditional method with the improved method was made .
the success rate of the lmproved method was 100 % , rather higher than 50 % success rate of traditional method .
improved method is superior to traditional method .
in this paper , the effect of mutagenicity of the jiuxin fumai injection was investigated .
the results showed that jiuxin fumai injection did not induce positive mutation of strains ta97 , ta98 , ta100 and ta102 in the ames test .
the rates of cho chromosome aberration of jiuxin fumai injection were negative range ( < 5 % ) .
it was proved that jiuxin fumai injection had no any mutagenicity in this experiment .
replacing the feeding of green food was studied by adding vitamin c ( vc ) to drinking water for guinea pigs in varied physiological condition .
their behaviour , activity , hair , feces were not found abnormal . their food-intake and body weight were without any obvious variation ;
( 3 ) the blood biochemical measurement values in ogroups and in b groups were basically similar ;
the results indicated no toxicity of the ointment inunction for six months .
for 8 weeks of experiment , rabbits of control group were similarly injected with saline .
heart function is decreased by treated-dose adr injection . tau would play a protective role on rabbit myocardium .
these results suggest that in the older group of rats , the elevated level of adma may be a contributor to vascular endothelial dysfunction .
in comparison with diadot kit , bveia is cheaper and higher sensitivity for detection of hsv-1 antibody negative sera , which would favour its practical use .
as enlargement of poultry industries , demand of spf eggs has been increased quickly .
2 000 breeder eggs ( 1 800 of female line and 200 of male line ) were introduced from america in order to meet marketing requirements in 1995 .
genetic monitoring of the irm-2 inbred strain mouse was performed by skin grafting test , coat color test and biochemical marker analysis .
the irm-2 inbred strain mouse is high homogenous in the genetic characteristics .
to compare the effects of supporting mouse blastocyst development and differentiation in sequential culture media and non-sequential culture media .
morever , the formation of expanding blastocyst was morphologically better in sequential media .
the sequential culture system was beneficial for mouse embryo development and differentiation from early embryo stage to blastocyst stage .
to maintain the clean animal facility needs much energy .
to distinguish the newly isolated b virus strain 147 from herpes simplex virus type 1 and type 2 immunologically .
western blot analysis was used to detect type-specific antibodies . results eight bands were found electrophoretically , containing b virus specific polypeptides .
the aim of this study is to obtain some parameters of hematology and biochemistry in inbred strain mouse irm-2 .
these include physical disasters such as fire , disease , breeding failure , accidental genetic contamination and inevitable degeneration , such as mutation and genetic drift .
the mechanisms whereby hiv causes cd4 + t lymphocyte depletion and aids occurrence remain poorly understood .
to produce a lupus nephritis model .
a model of mesangial proliferative lupus nephritis in kumming mouse was induced successfully by injecting allogeneic lectin-activated spleen cells into mouse s belly .
the model would be of its significance in lupus researches .
to produce an experimental migrainous animal model and probe the expression of c-fos and c-jun .
the digestibility of energy of ration composition proved to be higher with positive effects on other nutrients absorption , digest ion and utilization .
to study the molecular epidemiologic characterization of p.pneumotropica .
the distinct dna polymorphism of p. pneumotropica was found ;
common vole was probably one of infection sources of p. pneumotropica in laboratory animals .
systolic blood pressure ( sbp ) was measured by tail-cuff technique .
to observe the relationship between nitric oxide ( no ) and the cerebral effects of rearing environments in early life .
the weaning rats were raised either in enriched environmental condition ( ec ) or in impoverished environmental condition ( ic ) .
through the result of the group treated with rhubarb and anit , pharmacology of rhubarb is revealed .
histological studies of the pancreas showed no changes .
the diet enriched in fat and a dose of stz are essential to establish t he mouse model of niddm .
objectire to improve the vaccine potency of gene-modified tumor cells .
our results suggest that an improved tumor cell vaccine efficacy can be acquired by the concerted action of il-2-tnf and b7.1 .
to develop a mouse model of helicobacter pylori infection that mimics human gastric disease .
it was a good small animal model for studying the pathological mechanisms and therapeutic drugs of h.pylori as well as the development of its vaccine .
to evaluate the safety of lactacyd in local dermal and vaginal application .
we used acute dermal toxicity test , dermal irritation test , acute vaginal toxicity test , vaginal irritation test , and sensitization test .
the acute dermal toxicity , dermal irritation , acute vaginal toxicity and sensitization of lactacyd could n't be observed .
lactacyd is safe for skin . however , it is n't adequate for vagina at high dose .
mda content in serum of control was lower than both aps group and 3-medab group .
to establish a model of lupus-like nephritis for the clinical and experimental research of human lupus nephritis ( ln ) .
urine albumin began to increase in week 2 and reached to maximum in week 12 after fourth injection .
establishment of lupus-like nephritis model was successful .
to study the neuropathological features of transgenic model for alzheimer 's disease by pathomorphological and immunohistochemical methods .
immunohistochemistry revealed plaques in pallium , cerebellum and hippocampus .
the expression of ps-1 in transgenic mice obviously increased comparing with control .
congo red staining showed amyloid deposition in intercellular .
to systematically control and manage the equipment in a large-scale spf laboratory animal environmental facilities .
the graphic display autocontrol technology was applied to 24 main electrical equipments in the facilities .
automatic equipment switching and warning ; animation displaying of the working conditions ;
television monitoring of 8 regions ;
real-time release of management information .
this autocontrol system is advanced and practical in design , simple in operation , stable in performation and efficient in management .
sex and age significantly affected blood values in rhesus monkeys .
to find out the feasibility of rat embryos with vitamin a deficiency ( vad ) as an animal model of congenital heart disease .
results 1 .
3 .
to analyse the genetic construction of population in bama miniature pigs .
different individual pig has various bands , but the frenquency of common band was higher .
bama miniature pigs reached a higher degree of homogeneity than ordinary bred pigs .
to screen the available mhv combinations for preparing detective kit .
mhv-hu79 isolated in shanghai of china can be used in the diagnostic kit for mhv antibody .
to study the epidemiologic characteristics of rhesus monkeys in china .
the frequency of sero-positive was higher in adults ( 15.5 % ) than in juveniles ( 6.2 % ) ;
higher in females ( 17.5 % ) than in males ( 5 % ) ;
higher in sero-positive monkeys of srv-1 ( 34.1 % ) than in wild monkeys ( 8.8 % ) .
to observe and compare distribution , direction and placket of pancreatic ducts in rodent animals and to establish methods of collecting pancreas secretions .
mice , rats and guinea pigs were anaesthetised , exposuring liver and gallbladder , inserting a catheter , in order to push ink and dye pancreas .
general pancreatic duct uncorks into no duodenum , but general bile duct .
in guinea pigs , all of small pancreatic ducts converge into one large pancreatic duct , which uncorks into ascending portion of duodenum .
hbcag was expressed and purified in prokaryocytes by pqe30 system .
about 26.2 % of total somatic protein was expressed , and about 5 mg of hbcag was obtained from 500 ml of bacterial fluid .
after being purified , the purity of hbcag reached 91.0 % .
westem blotting showed combining acitivity of the expressed hbcag with polyclonal anti-hbc .
an effection , rapid and simple system for the expression and purification of hepatitis b core antigen was established .
to prepare il-2 / pseudomonas exotoxin a ( pea ) chimeric protein used for the treatment of related diseases .
the colonies were selected out and cultured , then plasmid was extracted rapidly , digested with enzyme , and expressed under temperature control .
a recombinant plasmid pbv/il-2/pea was constructed .
sds-page showed that the molecular weight of expressed protein was 51 000 .
westem blot with mouse anti-human il-2 mcab showed that the expressed product was designed chimeric protein .
a method for preparing il-2 / pea chimeric protein was established . the method can also be applied for the expression of other proteins .
to prepare haemophilus influenza type b ( hib ) polysaccharide protein conjugate vaccine and study on the immunological characteristics of it .
the study laid a foundation of further evaluation of protective effect of conjugate .
to promote the large-scale production of hantavirus .
hantavirus z10 strain was adapted in vero cells . the samples at differenct times were collected and detected for virus titers .
the procedure for preparing virus during the production of vaccine has been preliminarily established .
to express ibdv vp2 / vp243 gene in recombinant fpv and study on the protection and immunogenieity of expressed product .
cef cells were transfected with the 2 plasmids , and 2 kinds of recombinant viruses , vutalacvp2 and vutalacvpo , were screened out by x-gal staining .
then the 2 kinds of viruses were used for immunizirfg spf chickens aged 1 week , using routine vaccine as control .
elisa , sds-page and western blot demonstrated that the expressed products could reacted with specific pcabs to ibdv and induce protective antibodies in chickens .
before challenge with vvibdv , the antibody level in control group were significantly higher than that in experimental group .
however , the level in experimental group was increased rapidly 5d after challenge .
to improve the immune effect and reduce the adverse reaction of inactivated hfrs vaccine .
the concentration effects of stock solution of vaccine by filter membrane with various sizes were compared by detecting hfrs virus antigen by elisa .
the purification effects of ion exchange chromatography and gel filtration were also compared .
the purification method is simple , economic and suitable for the large scale production of purified hfrs vaccine .
to prepare a new broad spectrum leptospira vaccine .
leptospira antigen protein can be effectively expressed in bcg .
to amplify a 351bp of dna fragment of heat shock protein a from helicobacter prlori , then clone it into plasmid vector pet28-a ( + ) for expression .
the sequences of dna and deduced amino acid of the expressed product was similar to those of heat shock protein a reported .
hspa might be a candidate antigen for preparing h.p vaccine .
to obtain large amounts of recombinant hcv e2 protein and study on the potential protection of it .
more than 18 % of somatic protein was expressed . the expressed product showed good reactogenicity , and most of them were inclusion bodies .
the cloning and expression of hcv e2 gene laid a foundation of further study onhcv e2 protein and dna vaccine .
to study on the immunogenicity of whole bacterial antigen of helicobacter pylori and the clinical application of anti-hp-igy .
laying hens were immunized with ultrasonic hp antigen , and the immune response of them were detected by iha and indirect elisa .
the whole bacterial antigen was analyzed by sds-page and western blot with anti-hp-igy .
the immune response rate of the hens was l00 % .
specific anti-hp antibody could be detected out in the yolk laid by the hens 8d after immunization .
the study laid a foundation of industrial production of anti-hp-igy .
to isolate , purify and identify the early pregnancy factor ( ept ) in blood collected during artificial abortion .
the property of the epf is basically consistent with that isolated from the pregnancy serum at the first trimester . the study provides a new source of epf .
to prepare 23-valent pneumoxoccal capsular polysaccharide vaccine .
the main quality indexes of the vaccine met the requirements of europe pharmacopeia ( 1997 ) .
a successful process for the large-scale production of 23-valent pneumococcal capsular polysaccharide vaccine is established .
however , the killing effect of indirect conjugate ivig-has-mtx was significantly stronger than that of direct conjugate ivig-mtx .
to obtain recombinant hbx-protein with biological acitivity .
large amounts of highly purified x-protein were obtained . the purity and recovery rate of the protein reached 96 % and 28 % respectively .
the method established by the authors showed good purification effect . it can also be used for the preparation of other recombinant proteins .
to purify the protein with antifungal activity from aspergillus niger culture fluid .
a kind of protein ( afp ) with anfifungal activity was seperated .
the molecular weight of it was about 9 000 .
the detection result by mtt method showed significant antifungal activity of the protein to 5 kinds of fungi .
the study provided a reliable basis for developing drug and antiseptic .
to study on the safety and immunogenicity of inactivated hepatitis a vaccine in common marmosets ( callithris jacchus ) .
specific anti-hav were induced in the marmosets , and no elevation of serum enzyme activity or pathological exchange of liver tissue were observed .
the experimental inactivated ha vaccine has good immunogenicity and safety .
to prepare a stable and specfic diagnostic kit for pregnancy .
a diagnostic kit for pregnancy was prepared by linking of c - terminal polypeptide antibody of anti - hcg- subunit to carboxyphenylethene latex with bifunctional reagents .
latex agglutination test showed that the sensitivity of the kit was 1.5 iu/ml .
after being stored at room temperature for 3 months , no decrease of the sensitivity was observed .
one hundred sixty urine specimens from pregnant women and 150 normal urine were detected by the kit .
tne result showed that the accuracy rate of the kit was 95 % . conclusion the kit is superior to routine kit .
to explore the protective effect of ganglioside on cerebral ischemia/repeffusion .
ganglioside can ease the cerebral tissue lesion during cerebral ischemia / reperfusion by inhibiting the release of glutamic acid .
to observe the curative effect of rifn-a2a suppository on chronic inflammation of pelvic connective tissue .
no significant difference were observed in the adverse reactions and immune responses of simultaneous or separate administration of the 2 kinds of vaccine .
mumps and dt vaccines can be administered simultaneously .
to study on the effect of antisense c-myc gene plasmid on the proliferation and apoptosis of rat glioma cell c6 .
antisense c-myc gene plasmid can inhibit the excessive expression of c-myc gene and is helpful to the treatment of glioma .
to obtain engineering e. coli for the high expression of human cytomegavirus gp52 gene .
about 28 % of total soluble somatic proteins were expressed , the molecular weight of the expressed gp52 protein was about 21 000 .
conchrsion the study is of great significance in examination of hcmv , especially in pregnant women and blood donors .
to evaluate the curative effect of intravenous igg ( ivig ) combined with splenectomy on refractory idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura ( itp ) .
individual patient whose thrombocyte counts was less than 50 109 / l also received splenectomy 1-2h after being transfused with 1-2u of thrombocyte collected by blood sampler .
to analyze the cause of inconsistent detection results of 7 specimens by diagnostic kit for hbsag and further identify the specimens .
however , after the amino acid changed from f to s , no significant change of antigenicity was observed .
to establish a hybridoma cell swain secreting human hepatocyte growth factor ( hhgf ) .
the establishment of hygridoma cell strain secreting hhgf might be a new route for obtaining hhgf .
to expresse human heat shock protein 73 ( hsp73 ) by gene recombination and purify the expressed product for further analysis .
couclusions a series of methods for the gene recombination , expression and purification of hsp73 were established .
the study will provide necessary conidtions for the study on the structure , function and clinical applieation of hsp73 .
to obtain igy and study on the expression of it in egg yolk .
the study laid a foundation of the induction and persistence of goal antibody in egg yolk .
to prepare purified rabies vaccine for human use with vero cell .
the vaccine was prepared with vero cells cultured in rolling flask or bioreactor .
all the indexes of the vaccine met who or chinese requirements of biological products . the vaccine was proved to be safe by a phase i clinical trial .
the rabies vaccine prepared with vero cell shows good yield , high titer and few adverse reaction , so it is suitable for large scale production .
to study on the antiviral activity and clinical effect of rifn- 1b .
the antiviral activity of rlfn- 1b in mdbk was 11.3 times higher than that in wish cell .
the drug at a dosage of 40 g/d was effective in hepatitis b , and the adverse reaction of it was mild .
the authors suggests that the dosage of rifn- 1b should be expressed in weight ( g ) .
to prepare controlled release microencapsulated hepatitis b vaccine .
tne hbsag was detected by sds-page , and the encapsulated vaccine was used for immunizing balb / e mice .
the biodegradable particles can be used as a candidate vector system of hepatitis b vaccine .
to prepare freeze-dried live measles-rubella combined vaccine .
the results in this paper are consistent with those reported abroad .
to observe the adsorpion of purfied human leukocyte ifn- by oral administration and stomach peffusion in mice .
after ifn- was administered to mice by oral and stomach perfusion routes , the ifn- activity in murine sera was detected by cpe inhibition assay and elisa .
however , no ifn- activity was detected out in the sera of mice administered by stomach peffusion .
oral administration is one of the important route for the adsorption of ifn- .
to study on the safety and tissue pathological change of mice after being intracranially injected with live measles-je combined vaccine .
after mice were intracranially injected with the combined vaccine , the physical signs and tissue pathological changes of them were observed .
individual mouse showed physical signs at the 5th to 9th day after injection and returned to normal at the llth to 14th day .
mild pathological changes were observed in the brain tissues of a proportion of mice at the 7th day after injection and basically subsided at the 21th day .
the physical signs and brain tissue pathological changes of the mice intracranially injected with live raeasles-je combined vaccine were caused by strain 14-2 of je virus .
to explore the change of ha gene of measles virus sl91 strain during long term cultare and select the optimum passage used for production .
the attenuated measles virus strain is different from strong virus strain .
to detect the virulence / attenuation level and nucleotide sequences of hav ( h2 strain ) cultured in human fetal lung diploid cell kmbl7 .
the nucleotide sequencing of 2 fragments consisting of 1897 bases showed that 99.3 % -100 % ofkl8 and k15 were homologous to k7 .
no virulence reversion was observed in the k7 virus cultured in kmbl7 cell at 35 and 37c , and the hereditary stability of it has not changed .
to evaluate the epidemiological efficiency of large-scale field trial of whole cell leptospira vaccine .
the protective rates and effect indexes of whole cell leptospira vaccine in main epidemic areas were analyzed at epidemic seasons .
the protective rate and effect index of the vaccine were 85.34 % -100 % and6.82-36.59 respectively .
the current whole cell leptospira vaccine shows good epidemiological efficiency .
to explore the roles of different hcv antigens in detection and the relationshipbetween them with hcv rna .
comparedwith those of anti-e1 , e2 , ns4 and ns5 , the positive rates of anti-ns3 and anti-c were the highest in the 4groups of patients .
a proportion of the patients in each group was anti-ns4 and / or anti-ns5 positive .
the posi-tive rate of total anti-hcv was much higher than that of antibody to the antigen encoded by any gene fragmentof hcv .
combined use of different hcv will improve the sensi-tivity of eia significantly .
biological assayproved that the expressed product could combine with hvegf165 and inhibit the proliferation of huvec stimu-lated by hvegf 165 .
for highly expression of human 125 ser il-2 .
sds-page proved that the expression level of the protein reached23.47 % .
human 125 ser il-2 is highly expressed in insect cells .
to prepare anti-gpa mcab for establishing gpa somatic mutation assay .
flow cytometric selectionshowed that 6a8 specifically bound to mn and n type human erythrocytes fixed with dimethyleneimine .
con-clusion the study has theoretical and practical values in analyzing the gpan mutation caused by gene muta-tion and glycesylation variation .
to study on the immunity of live attenuated japanese encephalitis ( je ) vaccine todifferent wild je virus strains .
human immune sera showed significant neutralizing effect on1 je virus swain isolated in taiwan and 9 strains isolated abroad .
live attenuated je vaccine pre-pared with strain sa14-14-2 has broad specmun immunogenicity .
to explore if the purified jiangzhe agkistrodon halys antivenom prepared by theauthom could neutralize korean snake venoms .
it can also neutralize 0.8,3.15 and 2.0mg of haemorrhagic venom of the 3 kinds of snakes re-spectively .
jiangzhe agkistrodon halys antivenom can neutralize korean snake venoms .
to prepare a kit for detecting apoprotein ( apo ) a1 and b.
dext-ran sulfate precipitation , ultracentrifugation , chromatography , and so on .
conclusionthe kit reached the quality level of imported product of the same kind .
to prepare the mcab to cardiac troponin i ( ctn i ) for further preparation ofdiagnostic kit for acute myocardiac infarction ( ami ) .
sds-page proved that the etn i was electrophoretic pure , and the molecular weight and amino acid component of it were consistent with that reported in documents .
con-clusion the study lays a foundation of developing the diagnostic kit for early ami .
to prepare lys-plasminogen and study on the stability of it .
the frac-tion iii of human plasma was purified by lys-sepharose 4b affinity chromatography and sephadex g-200 gelfiltration .
con-clusion the study laid a foundation of synthesis of acylating plasminogen-streptokinase complex .
pla / plg microsphere is a good adjuvant of rnp and worth further investigation .
to improve the immuogenicity of hepatitis b vaccine .
both humoral and cell immunity of the vaccine usingcomplex adjuvant were significantly higher than that using al ( oh ) 3 adjuvant alone .
interferoncan be used as an adjuvant of hapatitis b vaccine .
the probability of identifying antibodies by the 20kinds of antigens in the bank meet related requirrnent ( p < 0.05 ) .
to establish the quality control methods for the chemical modified interferonproduct .
condusion the methods can be used for the quality control of chemical modified interferonproduct .
the thymosin met the requirement of chinesepharmacopeia .
the results of simulation and clinical use were both showed .
this investigation provided a new theoretical tool for studying the diffusional release of drug from an erodible polymeric matrix and designing the controlled released drug .
the calculated surface displacements before and after exhaustive exercise showed an excellent agreement with those obtained by the micropipet aspirating experiment technique .
the ageing alteration of viscoelastic parameters of rat pmns also was studied in this paper .
the system was easy to use and the measurement result easy to understand .
such a system , combined with the 3d kinematics analysis subsystem and force plates , formed an advanced gait analysis system .
the effects of double chamber intra-aortic blloon pumping ( diabp ) on hemodynamic parameters in the kidney were also studied .
before and after removing the renal nerve system , the diabp was used and the results were compared .
diabp significantly improved the hemodynamic parameters and increased the efficiency of the counterpulsation .
effect of change of mean angular velocity of the crank on stability of scwc was analyzed .
all results indicated that the complex bioactive hydroxylapatite ceramic had good biocompatibility .
the plexiglass has shown the highest speed and the largest equilibrium surface concentration of adsorbed fibrinogen ( cs = 4.5ng / mm2 ) .
properties and structures of machinable bioactive ceramic containing fluorapatite and phlogopite are introduced .
a study of noninvasive measurement of blood flow in human body and other fluid flow based on transverse technique is of great value .
we presened a generalized method for extrapolating signals of compact supported set in frequency domain , and its application to improving the speed of magnetic resonance imaging .
the computer simulation and experimental results showed that the proposed theory and method were efficient and applicable .
we described a multiresolution method based on curvature for constructing a tiling between a pair of planar contours .
otherwise , this method was operated flexibly and simply , because the curvature was computed by the transform of the b smoothing spline .
the viscoelastic mechanical properties of human tibial cancellous bone were studied experimentally and theoreticaly .
the results might be used as reference data in clinical medicine .
the effect of initial uniform density on the end configuration and mass were vitally discussed with a fixed reference value .
the absorption of auxiliary bone was cited again to verify the effect of initial uniform density .
ultrafine powders of hydroxyapatite ( hap ) and zirconia ( zro2 ) containing 3mol % y2o3 were prepared by chemical co-precipitate method .
the results indicated that the copolymers could be degraded in some degrees and also showed that 2-aminoacetic acid segments accelerated the degradation of the copolymers .
antibacterial tests indicated that ac demonstrated no antibacterial effect , ac ( ag ) , however , exhibited strong antibacterial property .
due to the easiness of use , high sensitivity and accuracy , the manometer was worth popularizing .
a computerized system was reported capable of automatically doing quantitative analysis of morphological , structural and optical modifications of retinal vessels .
this system included hardware for image acuquisition and display and software for performing image archiving , image analysis , retinal vascular networks recognition and artificial intelligence .
by clinical experiment , the effectiveness of this system was proved and some numerical index for classification the degree of retinal arteriosclerosis was put forward .
the method is based on the approximation of passive electric field problem into a finite resistance network problem .
the validity of the method is shown by computer simulation .
a novel method based on the extended infomax of ica ( independent component analysis ) was proposed for single-trial estimation of multichannel visually evoked potential ( vep ) .
the doppler ultrasound signal is a non-stationary time sequence . its power spectrum density is time-varying .
it is nessecery to keep balance between the time resolution and the truncation effect of the time window .
the former method , assuming 10 ms as the best time window length , had its rationality but not consummated .
finally , noise performance and improving method were discussed .
compared with other numerical solutions , the proposed method distinguishes itself by a high computational efficiency and convenience in application .
computer simulation and analysis on actual data collected from realistic head confirm the feasibility of the proposed method .
( 2 ) under normal physiological conditions the cardiac activities are chaotic , while under pathologic conditions the cardiac activities approach regularity .
logarithm model showed a good fit of the experiment data , the permeation equation showed logarithmic distribution and then tended towards stability .
as a new drug and gene delivery carrier , medical nanoparticles appear to be very promising and are widely studied .
the results showed that co-cr alloy performed very well in corrosion resistance since its polarization curves exhibited no hysteresis .
the 316l stainless steel exhibited significant hysteresis and so it was susceptible to local corrosion .
the setting time was determined by mixing the pretreated glass powder and polyalkenoate acid .
analysis of smad genes by gene targeting is beginning to provide insights into smad function during vertebrate development .
by this novel method , not only dna sequencing and gene expression monitoring but also genome research and gene diagnoses can be performed .
though faced with some difficulties in the hardware and software at present , bright future has been envisioned .
after 4 rounds panning with vegf121 , 280 clones were checked for their binding activities with elisa and 12 clones could bind to vegf121 specifically .
after transformation of ppic3 . 5khrp into gs115 , the positive recombinant p. pastoris strains were screened and obtained by pcr and induced by methanol .
the n- and c-terminal sequences were also found and proved in the tryptic peptides sequences .
it appeared that tryptophan residues were involved in a widely hydrophobic micro-environment near the active site of protein molecule .
the states of disulfide bonds were analyzed by cd spectroscopy . that decreasing , theressential for the enzyme stabiiity in the high temperature .
the induction and binding to cis-acting element of these factors might play an important role in regulation of mmp-2 gene expression .
the density of carrier erythrocytes decreased as the expansion of erythrocytes in hypotonic dialysis.could not completely restore ;
in concluthe over-exression of chaperones secb and groel enhanced the secretion of the proteins , and groel also in creased the solubility of recombinant protems .
insulin upregulated ucps gene expression in bat , wat and skeletal muscle ( p < o . 05 ) .ucps gene expression of rats showed tissue specificity .
efscfv was expressed using the gst fusion protein system .
the expressed protein , which was in the inclusion body fraction , was re-natured and purified by affinity chromatography .
tumor inhibition effect was not found in the groups treated with tnf d11a ;
( 2 ) psp94 and tnf have the cooperation effect on prostate carcinoma .
it is anticipated that further study of nuclear receptor coregulators and their complexes will yield significant insights into the basis of the complexity of regulation of gene transcription .
a cdna library was constructed from the venom gland of chinese scorpion buthus martensii , karsch ( bmk ) .
the results of emsa and ip indicated that both of the two il-6 signal transduction pathways were activated by il-6 in sko-007 cells ;
ap-1 activity was measured by cat assay , and the inhibitory rate was analyzed by mtt method .
purpose : to obtain cdna and high level expression in e.coli of human persephin ( psp ) .
higher levels of expression of hpsp-thioredoxin fusion protein was obtained at 6 or 8 hours after induction .
purpose : to develop a method for determining the biological activity of human plasma hdl .
the standard curve with a linear range of 1 ~ 16 u was plotted .
the coefficients of variation of the reproducibility of intra and inter assays were 7.6 % ~ 9.5 % and 12.3 % respectively .
ngf 2.5s can antagonize the neurotoxicity of lead acetate .
purpose : to study the characteristics and subunits analysis of -amylase inhibitor ( m51kd ) from wheat .
the molecular weight of -amylase inhibitory was determined by sds-page . the subunits compositions were analysed .
its characteristics were studied by enzymic methods .
the above characteristics of the inhibitor were helpful to the drug development .
purpose : to study separation of l-ser from enzymatic reaction solution and determination of concentrations of bothl-ser and formaldehyde in the reaction solution .
l-serine and glycine were separated from enzymeatic reaction solution by column chromatography on resin 732 and resin 717 .
the concentration ofl-serine and formaldehyde were determined by chromatic acid colorimetry .
the satisfactory results of separation l-ser from shmt-catalyzed reaction soltion by chromatography on resin 717 could be obtained under optimized condition .
colorimetry of chromatic acid may be used to determine the concentrations of l-serine and formaldehyde in the reaction solution .
however , this substance was not stable when treated by the same temperature at ph7.0 .
the wasps prefered the roundish global false eggs in choice test . the first host-searching experience was very important .
a time-dose-mortality model was applied to analyze the variation of mortality rates as affected by both time and dosage .
the results showed that isolate fi1248 was highly virulent to p.xylostella .
the effect of 6 different emulsifiers on surface tension of zhongshengmycin soluble powder and their control efficiency on chinese cabbage rot disease was investigated .
based on sodium acetate method , the addition of antibiotics could significantly improve the isolation efficiency of b.thuringiensis from soil .
the other subspecies could grow and form crystal normally .
with this method , 10120 soil samples had been screened and 759 strains of b.thuringiensis had been isolated .
efficacy of group-rearing chrysopid larvae using trichogramma pupae was similar to that of using rice moth eggs .
from the point of development , fecundity and group-rearing efficacy , trichogramma pupae produced on artificial eggs can be used as factitious prey for larvae of chrysopa sinica .
the influence of ph , oxygen , inoculum level and nutrition on bacterial growth and production of antifungal substance was examined .
field experiments of using metarhizium flavoviride ultra low volume oil spray to control grassland grasshoppers were carried out in inner mongolia in 1999 .
it was probable that the spores emerged from the locust cadaver would infect those locusts which had escaped the fungal spray .
a time-dose-mortality model was used for analyzing the mortality rates as affected by temperature .
the results showed that aphids had higher mortality rates at 28 and 21c than those at 16 and 11c .
the results showed that prl produced earlier than that of total extracellular protease ,
the molecular weights of the phages ' dnas were about 48.08kb .
however , hbf-1 showed no insecticidal activity against larvae of lepidopteran insects including helicoverpa armigera , ostrinia furnacalis and mythismna separata , and coleopterous plagiodera versicolora .
hbf-1 showed no -exotoxin activity .
requirement of the isolate hbf-1 for amino acids was studied . results showed that biosynthesis metabolism of valine and leucine was inhibited by isoleucine .
in the presence of isoleucine in media , valine and leucine were especially required for the growth of isolate hbf-1 . key words :
the isolate y2-11-1 had the strongest and stable inhibiting activity against the pathogen and was identified as bacillus sp .
the inhibition of some isolates against other pathogens was investigated .
the results showed there 's no cross reaction with monoclone antibodies to inf , tnf , il-2,4,6,8,9,10 and g-csf , etc.
and no interfering matrix effects were observed in animal and human serum samples .
the cvs of intra-asaay and inter-assay were less than 12 % .
purpose : in order to investigate the effect of pumpkin polysaccharide ( pp ) on normal mice and alloxan induced diabetic mice .
some chemical and physical properties of the polysaccharide were examined .
it was homogeneous as judged by electrophoresis .
pp molecular weight was estimated to be 1.6 104 and composed mainly of d-glucose , d-galactose , l-arabinose , xylose and d-glucuronicacid
pp is a ideal practical food drug for treating lipid metabolism .
purpose : a new simple method for rapid determination of coenzyme q10 in capsules was established by the first derivative spectrophotometry .
the proposed method is simple , accurate and reproducible .
purpose : to study the pure snake powder which influenced anti-free radical and immune function .
the results of this study indicated that the pure snake powder has anti-free radical action and can increase immune function of experimental animal .
purpose : the aim is to obtain the best conditions of reduction and oxidization and to raise the recombinating rate of human proinsulin .
these experiments also proved that a and b chains of insulin involve enough structural information about the correct pairing of the disulfide bonds .
purpose : the aim is to study purifying methods of a t hrombolytic enzyme from the culture supernant of bacillus subtilis hl-986 .
purified enzyme was obtained by the common methods and the total recovery rate was high .
hypomnesia was produced by exposure to ig ethanol or sc nano2 or ip myoscine methabromide .
cerebrolysin , ndt and nzz markedly inhibited error times and error delitescence by exposure to ig ethanol or sc nano2 or ip myosc ine methabromide in mice .
the pharmacological effects of t he cerebrolysin and pharmacological effects of the ndt and nzz were similar .
purpose : the aim is to prepare an insulin enteric coat ed microsphere ( ims ) for oral administration .
an improved method of phase-separation was used to prepare insulin-eudragit-microsph ere .
the efficiency of insulin incorporated into microsphere was determinated via radioimmunassay .
the capacity against gastric acid and enteric solvability were investigated in vitro .
after the mice orally administered with ims , the blood sugar was assayed .
the size of diameter distribution was 2 ~ 7 m. the insulin was incorporated with 95 % efficiency .
the release rate of insulin form ims in two hours is less than 14 % in the artificial gastric juice
the significant hypoglycemic effect was obtained after oral administration of ims in mice .
purpose : the aim is to study the modulation effects of pcg-a on immune function of macrophages .
pcg-a can enhance the immune function of macrophages .
purpose : the aim is to study some physico-chemical properties of gansu potato lectin .
the molecular weight of the lectin was estimated by gel filtration , and the carbohydrate content by the phenol-h2so 4 re agent .
heat stability was determined by heating , and the spectrum analysed by the uv and their .
the results provide a scientific basis for further study and utilization of gansu potato lectin .
purpose : the aim is to study the effects of eupolyph aga sinesis walker ( esw ) on red blood cell deformability and rbc membrane ingredient in rats .
esw could increase rbc deformability , and this might be related to decreasing content of mda , cholesterol and the ratio of cholesterol / phospholipid in rbc membrane .
purpose : the aim is to prepare and identify decorin which will be used to treat chronic inflammatory fibrosis and cancer .
decorin may have threapeutic effects against cancer .
purpose : to eliminate proteins from crude heparin , the reactive conditions of precipitant ynb 99-1 were investigated .
the methods of potency analysis , proteins precipitate and turbidity identification as well as absorbance measurement at 260 nm and 280 nm were used .
the optimum conditions of ynb 99-1 were obtained . its effect was obvious .
purpose : the aim is to optimize the operation procedure of chondroitin sulfate content determination .
the two factors at different levels could significantly influence the determination results of chondroitin sulfate .
the optimal operation procedure is that all the tubes are acetylated simultaneously and color reaction is done separately , which can give higher precision and better reappearance .
purpose : the aim is to establish a simple method to detect the biological activities of transfer factor ( tf ) and other immunopotentiators in vi tro .
the activities of tf , etc. to stimulate murine splenic lymphocyte proliferation were tested with mtt method .
this method is stable , reliable , easy to control an d could be used widely .
purpose : the aim is to establish a rapid and precise method for the determination of chondroitin sulfate .
the samples of chondroitin sulfate were determined by spectrophotometry , based on the reaction of chondroitin sulfate with a mineral aci d-containing phlorglucinol solution .
the method is simple in operation and has a good precision and an adequate selectivity .
purpose : the aim is to exploit a new microoganism resource for -linolenic acid ( gla ) production .
the strain may be used for the industrial production of gla .
purpose : the toxicity study of crocins , which were isolated from the fruits of gardenia jasminoides ellis , was conducted in beagle dogs to evaluate its safety .
from these results , the non-toxic dose of crocins was estimated to be 50 mg / kg under the present conditions .
purpose : the aim is to study the effect of ngf on epilepsy by using pentylenetetrazole ( pte ) induced rat model of epilepsy .
ngf can promote pet-induced epilepsy .
purpose : the aim is to study the optimal co-reaction condition of producing high content fructooligosaccharides ( fos ) for immobilized cells and glucose isomerase .
the immobilized cells were co-reacted with immobilized glucose isomerase at 50c , ph 7.0 for 3.5 hours .
after 5 batches were repeated , the fos average conversion rate was 57 % .
purpose : the aim is to observe the effects of polysaccharide from spirulina platensis ( psp ) on hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia in alloxan induced diabetic rats .
after 14 days of treatment , the blood glucose and the serum lipids content of each group were detected .
psp had significant effects on hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic action in diabetic rats induced by alloxan .
purpose : the aim is to clone and express recombinant human endostatin ( hes ) in e .coli .
the hes gene and its recombinant with high level expression were obtained .
purpose : the aim is to study the purification methods of recombinant human hemoglobyin .
the purity of recombinant human hemoglobin is about 90 % after two steps of purification .
the purification product had biological activity after refolding and renatured reaction .
the methods to purify recombinant human hemoglibin were established .
it is suggested that the sensorimotor cortex may play an important role in the descending modulation of tonic pain .
the pt of rats was increased significantly by microinjecting mb and ng-nitro-l-arginine methyl ester ( l-name ) into ventricular of brain .
these results suggested that an increase of no in brain produce hyperalgesia , and a decrease of no level produce analgesia .
the effects of nitric oxide on modulation of pain in central nervous system of rats may be partially mediated by no-cyclic gmp pathway .
it is suggested that the levels of estrogen and progestin could influence the monamine transmitter in hb of the female rats .
the present study is to determine whether splenic non-lymphoid cells can produce biologically active neurotrophins .
caenorhabditis elegance , a free living nematode , is a cell constant animal . the anatomy of the nervous system is very simple .
it consists of only 302 nerve cells , but posesses most genes of the known molecules of the vertebrate brain .
among these models , pd rat models are the most often selected .
a brief introduction and comments on the estabilishment of rat pd models are given in this article .
to evaluate the method of thymoma classification by muller-hermelink and colleagues applying clinical practice .
the predominant cortical thymomas were intermediate degree of invasiveness .
other thymic carcinomas were invasive into adjacent structures , pleural seeding or lymph node metastasis .
there was a strong correlation between histologic subtype of thymoma associated myasthenia gravis , as well as prognosis .
to determine whether fluoxetine and trazodone could be effective in the treatment of anxiety .
methods 148 subjects who met ccmd-ii-r creteria for depression and anxiety were randomly assigned to fluoxetine , fluoxetine plus trazodone and fluoxetine plus lorazepame for 8 weeks .
the concentration of plasma tnf- and il-2 in 31 patients with gbs were detected by two-antibody- sandwich method of enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay .
the concentration correlated with disease severity and decreased or returned to normal in patients with clinical recovery .
after treatment with tii and corticosteroid the disease showed improved , as the level of csf il-6 and sil-6r came down simultaneously .
the level of csf il-6 and sil-6r were a good index of severity and the tii was a useful drug in the treatment of gbs .
( 2 ) the expression of cd28 , b7-1 , b7-2 mrna in csf were higher than that of peripheral blood .
the increase of cd28 / ctla4 : b7 expression in gbs were closely associated with the activated t lymphocytes induced the abnormal immune reactions .
to investigate the relationship between infection of helicobacter pylori ( hp ) and guillain-barre syndrome ( gbs ) .
an enzyme immunoassay was employed to determine the concentration of antibodies ( iga , igg , igm ) in serum and csf in patients with gbs and controls .
the concentration of hp antibodies has positive relationship with gbs , it suggests that the infection of hp may be of an inducing factor of gbs .
but the increasing tendency of the two alleles suggests there may be some relation between genetic factors and immunological factors , a definite conclusion waits for further investigations .
the distribution pattern and subpopulation of calbindin- d28k like immunoreactive ( cabp-li ) rubrospinal neurons of red nucleus was analysed in 30 wistar rats .
the rubrospinal neurons were retrogradely identified by cholera toxin subuint b coulpled with colloidal gold ( cb-au , prepared by our laboratory ) .
the criteria established in this study is reliable , accurate and objective in the assessment of neostigmine test .
to explore the relation between the sensitivity of patients with myasthenia gravis to glucocorticoids and glucocorticoid receptors .
lymphocyte proliferation was induced by pha , mbp , or achr , respectively , and was inhibited by dexamethansone .
pbmc proliferation stimulated by pha or mbp was not significantly different between mg patients and healthy subjects ( p > 0.05 ) .
gr numbers were well correlated with inhibition rate of pbmc specific proliferation by dex ( r = 0.943 , p < 0.01 ) .
gr numbers of pbmc in mg patients are coincidentally with the inhibiting effects of dexamethansone to specific pbmc proliferation .
the inhibition rate of specific pbmc proliferation by dex could be used as a parameter for judging the sensitivity of mg patients to gc .
to explore the relation of acetylcholine receptor antibodies ( achrab ) and dysfunction of central neuvous system ( cns ) motor transmission in myasthenia gravis ( mg ) .
intracerebroventricular administration of achrab produced loss of mep wave or prolongation of the latency of the mep wave , compared to injection of igg purified from healthy control .
to investigate bcl-2 expression in the peripheral blood mononuclear cells and its clinical significance of myasthenia gravis ( mg ) .
abnormal expression of bcl-2 in t , b cells might play an important role in the mg patients .
to investigate and verify the regulatory effect of secreting ifn- on autoimmune antibody of myasthenia gravis ( mg ) .
ifn- secreting cells and achrab secreting cells were detected in 22 cases of mg patients by elispot assay .
to evaluate the effects of several immunotherapies in myasthenia gravis .
different kinds of immunotherapies were evaluated in several groups . every group were compared with the controls .
the majority patients could gain a satisfactory improvement if correct immunotherapy was employed . chinese herbs combined with prednisone had good prospect in the treatment of mg .
to investigate the effects of hypoxic-preconditioning on anoxic-tolerance and immunoreactiveties of il-6 in cultured rat hippocampal neurons .
to evaluate the application of automatic analysis of the electromyographic interference pattern ( qip ) in neurogenic and myogenic disorders .
after local treatment of colchi cine , most y1 receptor immunoreactive neurons in lamina ii contained somatosta tin-li .
this result suggests that y1 receptor in neurons of spinal dorsal horn may be correlated with the function of somatostatin at spinal level .
the results also suggest that exogenous cck-8 in acb can increase the contents of da from acb .
in 77.17 % of the bath cells application of oxytocin induced marked membrane potential hyperpolarization ( 71 / 92 ) .
the membrane conductance increased 21.43 % in average from control value of 3.68 10 -7s during oxytocin-induced hyperpolarization ( n = 7 ) .
n-methyl-d-aspartate receptor was implicated in seizure and epileptic susceptibility .
the results showed that under t he induction of mnng , the proliferation of tj905 was inhibited definitely and tj 905 had definite apoptosis reaction .
when treated by benzamide alone , tj905 's proliferation and apoptosis resembled the control .
pre-inspiratory neurons were divided into two types .
robust eeg rhythmic oscillations became prediction for behavioral and electrographic seizures in kindled rats .
these results suggest that melperone mediated-immunomodulation might involve the direct effect on splenic cell and central mechanism as well .
the results showed that the amplitudes of resting potentials in hippocampal cells decreased and the membrane depolarized under the corticosterone .
it is speculated that the normal energy metabolic process in hippocampal neurons may be disturbed by the corticosterone . consequently , the cell membrane depolarized .
the above results suggest that microinjection of ethanol into the dmnf and vmnf regulated the myoelectric activities of genioglossus .
hippocampus was isolated from new-born sd rats and dispersedly cultured in the b27 medium .
no contents were determined by diazotization assay and neuronal survival was measured by mtt assay . pacap could decrease cultured hippocampal neuronal death induced by glutamate .
glutamate could dose-dependently increase the release of no in cultured hippocampal neurons . pacap could inhibit the glutamate effect .
the results suggested that pacap could ameliorate glutamate neurotoxicity via inhibiting the release of no and protecting neurons against no neurotoxicity .
these results demonstrate that melatonin may enhance the expression of ppd mrna in son , pvnh and rd .
these results implicate that astrocyte may involve in the pathophysiological process after intracerebral hemorrhage .
to investigate whether the phospho-c-jun was involved in the neuronal apoptosis induced by glutamate .
the neuronal survival rate was 28.6 % 5.2 % after the neurons were exposed to glutamate for 24 h.
these results indicated that glutamate induced apoptosis on cultured cerebellar granule neurons and phospho-c-jun might not be involved in the neuronal apoptosis .
3the effects of different antidepressant drugs on the rat brain regions were varied .
a 342bp gene fragment was cloned from human fetal spleen and liver tissues by rt-pcr . it has been sequenced and no identical sequence was found in genebank .
accumulating evidence indicates diverse roles of no / nos in nerve injury and repair .
this review will discuss different roles of no / nos in traumatic nerve injury and neural regeneration .
a certain number of neural stem cells exist in the embryonic and adult mammalian brain .
fibroblast growth factor ( fgf ) and epidermal growth factor ( egf ) have some effects on the proliferation and differentiation of neural stem cells .
the expression of fgf and egf and their receptors vary in the embryonic and adult brain .
fgf and egf can promote the proliferation of nerual stem cells , and differentially influence their differentiation under different conditions .
fos protein in the lumbosacral spinal cord of the rat was detected to study neuronal activation induced by noxious stimulation of the urethra .
in nodose ganglion most of cells were small or medium in size , whereas almost all cells in vagal paraganglion were positive .
no obvious change was found on the numbers of positive cells both in nodose ganglia and vagal paraganglia after lipopolysaccharide ( lps ) challenged .
the present result provides a morphological basis for the hypothesis that both the primary sensory neurons and the paraganglion of vagus can sense the stimuli of il-1 directly .
sparse sp-ir nerve fibers with spindle like varicosities of different sizes were distributed at the central part of the ap at p1 ~ 2 .
at p8 there were two kinds of sp-ir nerve fibers : the short thick fiber and the tortuous varicose fiber .
at p30 , the number of tortuous varicose fibers increased significantly compared to those of p15 .
the results show that several blood pressure modulating areas exist from cerebral cortex to medulla , and they connect each other forming a complicated central modulating network .
to study the relationship between fas expression and the differentiation of astrocytoma .
fas immunoreactivity was not found in normal brain tissue .
positive fas expression was found in astrocytic tumor cells , endothelial cells and gliosis cells .
in primary astrocytoma , fas expression is directly related to the grading of malignancy .
all prl adenomas and gonadotroph adenomas were found to have er protein and mrna expression . er protein expression correlated with mrna expression .
some of the nonfunction adenomas had er gene expression , but their mrna expressions were not correlated with er protein expression .
other types of pituitary adenomas did not have er gene expression .
detection of er gene expression can be regarded as an index of proliferation of prl adenomas . antiestrogen therapy may be an adjunct therapy for prl adenomas .
the abnormal of er gene expression may account for prl and gonadotroph adnomas ' occurrance and development .
to study retrospectively the clinical diagnosis and operative characterization of recurrent intra-spinal canal tumors .
methods 28 cases with recurrent intra-spinal canal tumors were analyzed . all were investicated with magnetic resonance ( mr ) and undergone another operations .
the diagnosis of 28 cases with recurrent intra-spinal canal tumors was comfirmed .
on discharge , signs and symptoms were improved or resolved in 21 cases , unchanged 6 cases , and deteriorated in 1 case .
diagnosis of recurrent intra-spinal canal tumors can be diagnosed by clinical characterization and mr.
the operative results of recurrent intra-spinal tumors were satisfactory , if surgeons are skillful in operation .
this study aimed to assess the clincal results and methods of fractionated stereotactic radiotherapy ( srt ) .
but the complication of srt was observed in only 4 cases compared with 21 cases for srs .
the difference for the two groups was found to be statistically significant ( p0.01 ) ;
for 57 cases of surgery and radiotherapy ( s + rt ) , 36 cases ( 63.2 % ) improved .
compared with srt , the improvement rate of s + rt was significantly lower ( p0.01 ) , but the complication was the same .
stereotactic raiotherapy is a noninvasive , well-tolerated method of delivering palliative , high-dose radiation .
this proceduce differs from external beam radiotherapy ( ebrt ) with smaller and larger dose per fraction .
it is necessary to increase the use of srt for treatment of intracranial tumors .
this study is to observe the effect of high dose methylprednisolone on the management of acute traumatic brain edema .
the recovery ratio of brain edema were 61.17 % and 47.62 % at 7 days after brain injury respectively .
the rate of good recovery increased to 71.84 % , and the rate of death decreased to 18.45 % .
the new glucocorticoids methylprednisolone could be beneficial to the treatment of acute traumatic brain edema in patients with severe brain injury .
to study the clinical characteristics of myasthenia gravis ( mg ) with thymoma .
results 31 ( 63 % ) patients showed evidence of aaa ;
there fore , aaa may be the cause of cerebral embolism . 33 patients had icaa
and 9 patients had carotid embolic disease .
age and icaa had significant correlated with aortic plaque .
aortic arch atherosclerosis is an important potential source of cerebral embolic stroke .
explore the way of identifying the size and evolving process of ischemic penumbra of focal cerebral ischemia .
dwi could identify definite lesion within 30 min of occlusion , and t2wi could not show it until 3 h later ;
the value of apparent diffusion coefficient of water ( adc ) of penumbra were ( 0.56 0.02 ) 10-5cm2/s .
the duration of ischemic penumbra of this model is 6 houres .
to explore the compliance and factors affecting it in the treatment of outpatients with schizophrenia .
among enrolled cases , 52.8 % were fully compliant , 34.7 % partially compliant and 12.5 % non-compliant .
it is very important to pay more attention to the therapeutic compliance of schizophrenic patients .
to investigate the effect of antidepressant drugs on serotonin ( 5-ht ) .
methods 5-ht immunoreaction in rats brain was detected after the acute and chronic adminisstration of four antidepressant drugs by immunohistochemistry methos .
the results showed that : ( 1 ) only fluoxetine could decrease the 5-ht immunoreaction in cornu ammonis and thalamas in rat brain in the acute group ;
it was suggested that four antidepressants might inhibit 5-ht reuptake in various degrees and decrease the 5-ht concentrations in intraneuron .
mci achieved significantly higher scores than ad in mmse , adl , gds as well as short-time memory and language memory in wms ( p < 0.05 ) .
comparison of cerebral blood perfusion showed that there was no difference in rar between mci and healthy elderly in all brain areas .
mci was identified as heterogeneous in terms of multiple subtypes in both cognitive function impairment and cerebral blood perfusion .
parietal lobes was postulated to be able to categorize mci effectively .
to investigate the clinical features of patients with different degree of internal carotid artery stenosis and occlusion .
results 1 . compared with dsa , acoa detection in tcd had sensitivity of 97 % and a specificity of 93 % ;
pcoa detection in tcd had a sensitivity of 92 % and a specificity of 83 % ;
directional changes in oa had a sencitivity of 98 % , and a specificity of 90 % .
vmca was the lowest in stroke patients among three groups ( p < 0.05 ) .
in the presence of poor collateral blood supply from acoa and pcoa , cerebral infarcts are more likely to occur .
scapulohumeral type spinal muscular atrophy is a rare disorder . we report a new family with ophthalmoplegia , dropped head syndrome and sensorineural deafness .
there was only one case with fasciculations . electromyography and muscle biopsy indicated neurogenic muscle atrophy .
to investigate the method for treating tension vesicle .
mebo is very efficacious for treating tension vesicle . it is easy and simple to use and has reliable efficacy .
to observe the efficacy of mebo in treating pointed condyloma .
mebo has good efficacy in treating pointed condyloma .
to observe the antimycotic efficacy of mebo dermhealth cream in treating tinea pedis .
all the 60 patients were cured .
total curative rate was 100 % .
in clinical practice , cjd should attract more attention to prevent iatrogenic spreading .
using 99mtc-trodat-1 as radiopharmaceuticals for dat spect , we acquired spect images of normal control and of patients with pd .
normal human brain spect image were acquired 30 min after injection .
in pd spect image , the radioactivity uptake of bg had decreased in accordance with the disease severity .
human cultured hepatocytes were incubated and the proteins were separated by sds-page and analyzed by western-blot .
a specific 155 kda band of wd protein was separated from normal human hepatocytes .
to explore neuroprotective effects of acanthopanax senticosus ( as ) and mechanism of cerebral vascular spasm ( cvs ) induced by experimental sah .
experimental sah in dogs was made by injecting blood for tow times , et and cgrp in serum and csf were measured by radioimmunoassay .
as can inhibit increasing of et and decreasing of cgrp to provent and treat cvs following sah .
to investigate the clinical features of epilepsy after subarachnoid hemorrhage .
thirty-three patients had secondary epilepsy within 2 weeks after subarachnoid hemorrhage . epilepsy was the presenting symptom in 16 patients . eighteen patients had to take anti-epileptic drugs .
three patient had secondary epilepsy 2 weeks after subarachnoid hemorrhage and had to regular long-term anti-epileptic therapy .
the results might have implication for developing clinical therapy for stroke .
the aim of this study was to investigate the family adaptability and cohesion in married female patients with schizophrenia .
to explore the relationship between symptoms and psychopathology of depression with obsessive symptoms .
the score of obsession and anxiety was the highest and the course of illness was the longest of the three groups .
the study of symptomatology of these overlapping disorders may help refine clinical classification , diagnosis and treatment .
plasma interleukin 2 , interleukin 6 and interleukin 8 were measured at baseline and endpoint , as compared with 18 normal controls .
results 1 . either risperidone or haloperidol treatment reduced the enhanced il-2 level with no significant difference ;
2 . the two medications did not produce significant influence on the elevated il-6 and il-8 levels . 3 .
those patients with the lower baseline plasma il-2and il-8 levels had a better outcome .
4 . there was significant positive correlation between il-8 level at endpoint and psychotic symptom , especially positive symptom .
additionally , a significant correlation may exist between il-8 level and psychopathology , or between il-2 level and outcome .
to analyze the loss of heterozygoisty for markers on 22 chromosome and its relationship with clinical features .
the proliferative index of schwannoma was calculated by ki-67 , pcna immunohistochemistry .
improvement in tremor and updrs of the two targets lesions group were significantly better than that of the one target lesion group .
other symptoms improvement of the two groups were similar .
although specific complications of the two targets lesions group occurred more frequently than one target lesion group , all were transient and recovered in short time .
to compare the efficacy and tolerability of phenytoin and valproate for prophylaxis of postoperative epilepsy .
to investigate the outcome of the treatment of ccf by different approaches and embolization materials .
for the embolization materials , balloons were used in 188 cases , microcoils were used in 23 cases , and both materials were used in 5 cases .
after the embolization , 110 patients were followed for 6 ~ 108 months , and 35 patients had repeated angiography .
for small fistula , microcoils embolization are better .
embolization can be done by venous approach when the internal carotid artery was ligation .
right choices of the approach and the embolization materials are the key to success of surgery .
of hige ki-67 li , tumors cx43 expression was often absent .
to evaluate the effects of surgical treatment of giant clival chordoma .
methods 13 giant clival chordomas were resected via the extended subfrontal exdural approach .
the discussion was focused on the operative techniques , surgical results , causes of partial removal and treatment for residual tumor .
the follow up showed good results in patients with giant clival chordoma resected via the extended subfrontal exdural approach .
the combined approach was recommended for the lesions outside the midline region .
to assess the efficacy and safety of topiramate ( tpm ) as add-on therapy in patients with intractable epilepsy ( ie ) .
clinical and laboratory monitoring were performed at baseline and after treatment with tpm .
moderate adverse effects was found in 16 % of patients .
add-on therapy with tpm is an effective and safe treatment for the patients with ie .
to study the difference in eeg of electric convulsive treatment ( ect ) between whole and half close stimulation .
methods 60 patients were randomised into two groups and were given whole and half dose stimulation respectively .
our data suggest that half intensity ect maybe as effective as full intensity ect .
there was a genetic association among intronic 8 polymorphism in ps1 gene , apoe gene and load in han chinese .
to avoid pains caused by the complicated procedure of the conventional therapy in treating compound dust explosion burn injury .
24 cases were healed . residual dust and liquefaction product were removed in batches and wound healing was accelerated . no scar and no traumatic tattoo formed .
to observe the efficacy of mebo in treating 152 cases burned by motor-bicycle discharge pipe .
to compare the efficacy of mebo and sd-ag cream in treating perineal deep second degree burn .
mebo is superior to sd-ag cream in treating perineal burn .
to illustrate the method of applying mebo scar lotion for preventing and treating scars .
the preventing and treating effects were very satisfactory , no plastic surgery was needed .
the disablement rate was greatly reduced for those with large area deep burn .
mebo scar lotion should become a drug for treating and preventing hyperplastic scars and is worthy to be popularized .
to treat the burn infants with acute leukemoid reaction induced by application of mebo bandage at the early stage .
apply mebt / mebo according to the standardized method and at the same time , adjust systemic treating scheme .
after adjusting the treating scheme , the burned infants cured and were discharged on day 22 and 24 .
proper application of mebt / mebo according to the standardized method helps to make full play of the effect of mebo and can avoid complications .
to make clear the reliability of physiological repair method for preventing and treating deep facial burn scar .
p < 0.005 .
physiological repair method is the best choice for treating deep facial burn .
purpose : an effective treatment for burns complicated by tetanic infection was discussed .
experiences in treating 4 cases of burns complicated by tetanic infection were concluded in the terms of preventive measures and clinical treatment .
all 4 patients healed and were discharged from hospital after systemic comprehensive treatment in combination with surgical debridement .
the systemic comprehensive treatment in combination with surgical debridement is an effective therapy for burns complicated by tetanic infection .
local application of mebo using exposed or bandaging method .
15 cases healed , 4 cases subject to skin grafting after granulation , 2 cases left the hospital after the cases were improved .
total effective rate was 100 % .
mebo is very effective for treating chronic and refractory skin ulcer of the elders . it is easy and safe and is worthy to be popularized .
to explore the best scheme for conservative treatment of pediatric skin ulcer .
73 cases of pediatric skin ulcer were analyzed , the therapeutic effect of three treatment schemes were evaluated .
conservative treatment is very important in curing pediatric skin ulcer , because children have their own pathological and physiological characteristics .
the curing time of mebo treating group is much shorter than the other two groups ( p < 0.05 ) .
mebo is an ideal drug for treating pediatric skin ulcer .
to observe the efficacy of mebo in treating 260 cases of chapped nipple .
mebo was applied to the lesion area to a thickness of about 1.0 mm , once every 3-4 hours , until the wounds healed .
all the cases healed in 3 to 12 days .
mebo is very effective for treating chapped nipple . it has anti-inflammatory , analgesic and wound healing promoting effects .
to investigate the efficacy of mebo in treating surface ulcers of different positions .
86 cases of surface ulcers of different positions were treated with mebo . deep ulcers were treated with bandaging method and superficial ulcers with exposed method .
all the cases healed . after long term follow-up , scar formation rate was 5.8 % .
mebo is very effective for treating surface ulcers of different positions .
to observe the efficacy of self-made mebo ribbon gauze in treating bartholin 's abscess by vomica drainage .
more than 90 % of the cases healed after 2 to 3 times of dressing change .
mebo ribbon gauze is very effective for treating bartholin 's abscess .
to investigate the effect of mebo in treating dermatosis after chr usesoperation machine treatment .
mebo is an ideal remedy for healing wounds of dermatosis after treated with chr usesoperation machine .
purpose : experiences of nursing a couple being burned by alcohol flame and healing with mebo treatment were reported .
measures including mebt / mebo , wound management and psychological nursing were adopted and experiences were summarized .
mebt / mebo is the most appropriate treatment for treating facial ii degree burn wounds .
to find out the characteristics of the changes in circulation of sub-dermal vascular network flap made from flap-type skin avulsion injury and replanted to origin site .
pig skin avulsion model was used in this experiment . flap 's blood circulation was monitored and surviving flap length measured .
sub-dermal vascular network flap made from skin avulsion flap and replanted to origin site can improved the survival length of the flap .
to investigate the cause persistent high level of sodium and chloride ions in serum and methods for its prevention and treatment .
the clinical significance of dynamic monitoring of serum sodium and chloride ion levels in severe burn patients .
1 . persistent high serum sodium and chloride ion levels is caused by invasive infection .
' 2 . dynamic monitoring of serum sodium and chloride ion levels is of great clinical significance .
3 . prevention measures include : to tide over shock stage , to protect burn wounds , to avoid long distance transfer .
4 . treating measures include careful management of burn wounds , anti-infection and expectant treatment .
to investigate new methods for fluid resuscitation of burn shock and measures to realized the ultimate aim of resuscitation .
the research method is based on the newest achievement of the research on the pathophysiological changes caused by shock and the new concept of shock .
purpose : the opportunity and indication of tracheotomy in burn patients with complicated inhalation injury were discussed .
173 patients with inhalation injury treated during 1981 ~ 1998 were reviewed .
the severity of injury were 94 minor , 53 moderate and 27 severe . tracheotomy was performed on 57 patients .
the earliest tracheotomy is recommended for moderate and severe inhalation injuries .
various parameters were studied including : 1 . healing time ,
2 . need for pain killers ,
3 . consumption of i.v . fluids ,
4 . use of systemic antibiotics and
5 . aesthetic appearance .
to observe human cytomegalovirus ( hcmv ) infection in severely burned patients and its influence on case conditions .
to investigate the effect of specific igy on preventing burned rats from secondary infection of candida albicans .
specific igy is effective for preventing burned rats from secondary infection of candida albicans .
mebo can promote healing of the infected foci in the incision wounds . no dissemination happened .
mebo is ideal for treating chronic surface ulcers and is worth popularization .
to analysis and find out the component of fat acids in moist expose burn ointment ( mebo ) .
gas chromatography .
the chromatographic conditions were : injection port temperature 250c ; column temperature 180-200c ;
detector temperature 250c ;
nitrogen velocity of flow at 40ml / min ,
hydrogen at 35 ml / min , air at 300 ml / min ;
sample size 0.5 l.
the quantity of oleic acid and linoleic acid contained in mebo is more than 80 % in total fat acid .
the relation between the excellent clinic therapeutical effects of mebo and the high quantity of linoleic acid in mebo is needed further studies .
to observe the therapeutic effects and possible mechanisms of negative pressure on wound healing of deep second degree burn in pigs .
twenty-four wounds were divided into two groups : control group and experimental group . wound healing rate and dna cycle of biopsy specimens of wound were observed .
the wound healing rate were significantly increased .
the percentage of g1 phase was decreased , the percentage of s phase and g2 + m phase was increased .
it suggests that negative pressure is an effective method to enhance the wound healing of burn .
statistical analysis revealed that the difference in the degree of dermal swelling among the three groups was significant ( p < 0.01 ) .
the deeper the burn wound , the more serious the degree of dermal swelling . in third degree wounds , part of the dermo-subcutaneous interface was destroyed .
ultra-high frequency ultrasonic detection is a non-damaging , accurate and objective method for determination of burn depth . it is expected to be widely applied .
hydrofluoric acid is a highly toxic compound and has strong erosive effect .
the patient was treated with supplement of calcium , detoxicating measures , cardio-tonic and diuretic agents .
to investigate and analyze the existing problems in the application of mebo in hospitals at basic levels , paying special attention to the occurrence of burn wound infections .
to observe the efficacy of " ploughing " therapy in treating burn wounds of different depth .
third degree wounds were treated with surgical knife , to a depth to disrupt the wounds , the pitch was 2 ~ 4 mm .
deep second degree wounds started to liquefy in 24 to 48 hours and ended in 10 days .
third degree wounds started to liquefy in 72 hours and ended in 2 weeks .
" ploughing " therapy can effectively improve local micro-circulation and promote wound healing .
the contact area between mebo and the wounds was enlarged , so that mebo could fully display its efficacy .
it created an environment for early skin grafting of third degree wounds which were unable to heal spontaneously .
to observe the efficacy of mebo in treating corneal burn .
mebo treating group : 22 patients involving 46 eyes .
in the control group , 2 patients were complicated by corneal scar formation and one complicated by symblepharon .
mebo treatment is superior to conventional treatment for healing corneal burn . the healing time is markedly shortened .
mebo enhanced the logarithmic vision and reduced the incidence of complications after healing .
to investigate the efficacy of mebo scar lotion in treating recurrent keloid after liquid nitrogen refrigeration .
30 cases of keloid were treated with mebo scar lotion after liquid nitrogen refrigeration .
mebo scar lotion has good effect for curing keloids and preventing recurrence . it also has antipruritic and pain relieving effects .
for treating third stage pressure sore ,
to investigate the effect of enteral feeding at early stage post burn on rats .
in enteral feeding group , plasma globulin level increased in 7 days and turned to normal gradually , pathological changes in gastrointestinal mucous membrane were lessened .
early enteral feeding can lessen the gastrointestinal and systemic injuries in burned rats .
as for its dynamic morphology , the reticulate dune in the studied area is a complex that transverse dune is superimposed by longitudinal one .
desertification is the result of interaction between human being and fragile eco-environment . it is also the consequence of the contradiction between human being and land .
the second principal components are precipitation and moderate gale days , their offer rate is 24.6 percent ;
the third principal components include not only natural factor but also man-made factor , their offer rate is 14.9 percent .
determining the area of irrigation rotation is a key problem in irrigation design on sand dune .
for furrow or border irrigation the unit indicates the maximum reasonable irrigation area of single furrow or border ;
that of drip irrigation indicates the maximum reasonable irrigation area controlled by single submain line . their empirical formulae in taklimakan desert have been carried out .
sustainable agriculture is nowadays a new trend of global agriculture development , and its base is the farmland resources ' sustainable utilization .
the crux of the sandy lands in huanghuaihai plain is to develop high production , excellent quality , best efficiency and sustainable agriculture .
ecological tourism has become a new developing trend along with the fast growing of tourism .
the law on water resources must be perfected and operating .
the intensified winter monsoon events last at an average of 1.8 ~ 2.4 ka ,
tupan basin is a intermontane basin with extreme arid climate , which is sensitive for the global change .
the ecological integrity of a landscape is often threatened by economic developments . the balance between economy and ecology can be achieved through a landscape approach .
a landscape approach is to create an ecologically sound landscape with possibilities for the development of conflicting types of land use .
this involves the reallocation of land-use types in a way that adverse impacts are balanced out .
the reallocation of land-use types should correspond to the potentials of the natural physical structures .
an integrated analysis of the coupling relationship between water systems and land uses can effectively assess ecological sustainability .
it is recognized that optimal spatial arrangement of conflicting land uses may actually reduce the flood threats and minimize the water quality problems without jeopardizing the economic development .
there are 44.85 km long sandy and 7.15 km rocky coast in 52 km long coastline in the county .
( 2 ) plant the big and strong sapling of casuarin equisetifolia with nutrient bag in deep pit .
( 3 ) apply the new technique of " planting in dry season " to guarantee the quality of afforestation .
( 2 ) add the vertical lines of pandanus tectorius to the usual wind direction to raise the survival rate of them in the network of sand stabilization .
( 3 ) enlarge the area of liana planting to enhance the stability of sand .
( 4 ) try to induce the tree species from the other regions , which have good performance in sand stabilization .
( 5 ) interplant the adaptable economic crops to provide support of afforestation with economic benefits .
the result demonstrated that the ercombinant plasmid pcdna3 / msa2 contains the msa2 gene from fcc1 / hn isolate of plsmodium falciparum .
these results suggested that the vaccine could stimulate t cell response and enhance the cell-mediated immunity .
hrp2 gene fragment was cloned into prokaryotic expression vector pgex-4t-1 to form pgex-4t-1 / hrp2 , e. coli bl21 was t-ansformed .
after inducement , the expression product was purified and used to irrnunize balb / c mice .
meanwhile , the parasite hrp2 antigen inside the infected red blood cells ( irbc ) was detected by mice antisera in western blot .
hrp2 gene was succesfully expressed , a good basis for fiture research was built up .
as compared with the control group , the worm reduction rates were 49 % and 44 % respectively ;
adjuvant mpl was not as good as fca in enhancing humoral immune response induced by rsjgst-sj32 in mice .
aim to reveal the virulence variation related to vacuolating cytotoxicity of coccoid helicobacter pylori .
aim to study whetger there is positive express in situ hybridization of l-form dna or staphylococcus aureus in laryngocarcinoma cell .
methods 20 cases of expressnon of l-form dna of staphylococcus aureus in laryngocarcinoma karyon were detected with nucleic acid in situ hybridization .
results 60 % cancer karyon , cytoplasm display positive signal of staphylococcus aureus l-form dna .
positive rate of staphylococcus aureus l-form antigen is 75 % with immunohischemical ( s-p ) stainipg .
the rate is 70 % with gram staining .
aim to isolate hiv-1 from the blood specimen of hiv-infected persons , and study on the features of the isolates .
cell tropism of the hiv-1 isolates was tested byuse of h9 and mt4 cell lines , respectively .
hiv-1 was isolated from9 of the 10 specimens , the isolation rate could reached 90 % .
addition of neuramindase into t cell culture medium may useful to raise hiv isolation rate . most of hiv-1 isolates in fujian are m tropic .
aim to study the effects on t lymphocyte subsets in spleen of mice immunized with recombinant bcgsj26gst .
on the basis of this study it 's suspected that cd + 4 subsets might play an important role in the protective immunity induced by the vaccine
aim to study the possibility of using ifn + 2-2-1schedule and 2-2-1schedule , and to discuss the mechanism of the regultion of immunuity of ifn .
the 2-2-1 schedule : injecting 5.0 , 5.0 , 2.5iu phkcv on the 0 , 7th , 14th day respectively .
control group : using the routine schedule recommended by who .
( 3 ) the rate of each kind of side reaction of each group was between 0 and 55 % , but there wos no significant difference .
lower dose of ifn had the effect of enhancing immunization .
the double dose of vaccine when firstly immunizing had the higher effect of immune response .
aim : cloning and sequence determination of p22 gene fragment of taxoplasma gondii
the sequence of inserted p22 gene fragment was also determined .
that would make it convenient for p22 diagnostic antigen expression .
aim we wanted to approach whether etiological basis of the epidemic eosimephilic meningitis were angiostrongylu cantonensis in wenzhou .
there were antibodies of angiostronglu cantonensis in those patients . the postive rates were 83 % and titre was 1 : 10 .
to study the neural mechanism of hypotension or shock state in acute cholangitis in severe type ( acst ) and its value of clinical application .
to analyse the causes of missed diagnosis in colorectal cancers and improve the early diagnosis .
a retrospective analysis was made to investigate the cause of missed diagnosis in 380 cases suffering from colorectal cancers .
to study the rule of lymphatic metastasis and to evaluate the extent of curative resection in advanced colorectal cancer .
advanced colorectal cancer tend to metastasize to longitudinal and upward lymph nodes .
jump metastasis is also a feature .
in the lower rectal cancer within 6 cm from the anal verge or beyond pt3 , there is a high risk of lateral metastasis .
to study the earlier and later clinic results of 64 chronic duodenal ulcer patients treated with high selective vagotomy and mucosal antrectomy ( hsv + ma ) .
to state operative details of lip-shaped hepatectomy ( lsh ) and evaluate its advantage in treatment of primary liver cancer ( plc ) .
lsh is one of the irregular hepatectomies .
the key lies in the following five operative kinks : 1adequately mobilizing perihepatic ligaments ;
2designing lip-shaped hepatic incision ; 3laying sutures on both sides of the hepatic incision for traction ;
4wedge-shapedly resecting the tumor and the surrounding liver ; 5closely sewing up the hepatic cutting surface .
the operative mortality rate was 1.2 % , 2 died of hepatic failure and 1 renal failure .
lsh is a relatively simple , safe , reasonable and recommendable hepatectomic modality .
to investigate the mechanism and clinical significance of vincristine ( vcr ) inhibiting gastrin-proliferation effects on human colon cell line sw480 .
a value of vcr + pg group was lower than that of pg or control group ( p0.01 vs control , p0.01 vs pg ) .
to investigate the way to decrease the morbidity and moritality of pancreaticoduodenectomy .
the morbidity and mortality were analysed in 60 cases of pancreaticoduodenectomies from 1988 to 1998 .
the postoperative morbidity rate was 30 % ( 18 / 60 ) , including pancreatic fistula in 8 cases .
the in-hospital mortality rate was 3.3 % ( 2/60 ) .
the key points to decrease the morbidity and mortality of pancreaticoduodenectomy are delicate operative maneuver and effective perioperative treatment .
signle-layered anastomosis used in pancreatoenteric and biliary-enteric reconstruction of pancreaticoduodenectomy is an efficacious method to decrease the postoperative pancreatic and biliary fistula .
to investigate the choice of palliative operation for the carcinoma of head of pancreas ( chp ) .
the clinical data of 187 patients with chp in the last 20 years were analysed retrospectively .
the occurrence of duodenal obstruction after hdjs or cjs was 29.3 % .
as a palliative operation , roux-en-y choledochjejunostomy especially combined with preventive gastrojejunostomy synchoronsouly is strongly recommended .
a retrospective study was made on the clinical data of 1740 patients with he from 1960 to 1997 .
in this series , the complications included infection ( 61 % ) , rupture ( 11.3 % ) , inner fistula ( 21.3 % ) .
postoperative complications included biliary fistula , inner cyst infection and insufficient closing of the remaining cavity .
the curative rate by operation in this series was up to 99.4 % , while 9 cases ( 0.6 % ) died .
the major damage of he to human body is its complications .
to sum up the experience in treating 120 aortic aneurysms above the renal arteries ( aaara ) .
the clinical data of 120 patients with aaara were reviewed , including male in 97 and female in 23 .
seventy-four cases underwent surgical or endograftiing management .
postoperative 30 days mortality was 14.9 % ( 11 cases ) .
postoperative complications occurred in 9 cases , but none occurred hemiplegic paralysis , paraplegic paralysis or apoplexy .
48 patients had follow-up for 1 month to 15 years , of them , 5 cases died ( 10.4 % ) .
to inquire into the clinical effect of tamoxifen for breast hyperplasia .
levels of serum estradiol ( e2 ) and progesterone ( p ) during corpus lutein phase were tested before and after the drug treatment in two observed groups .
including tamoxifen group ( tg ) in 1820 cases and rupixiao group ( rg ) in 900 cases .
results ( 1 ) tg was better than rg in the recovery of serum e2 and p ( p < 0.01 ) ;
( 2 ) tg was superior to rg in clinical effects ;
( 3 ) rupixiao had no side effect while tamoxifen had a low incidence of slight side effect , but it could disappear after discontinue the drug ;
( 4 ) the rate of relapse was higher in rg than that in tg during the follow-ups period ( p < 0.01 ) .
to introduce the pathogenesis , pathology , diagnois and treatment of xanthogranutous cholecystitis ( xgc ) .
this paper was made on the leteralure review .
the pathogenesis of xgc was due to bile exudation to interstitial of cyst wall from reptured rokilansky-aschoff sinus or mucosa ulcer .
xgc is a special inflammatory disease of gallbladder . the treatment is cholecystectomy .
to introduce the etiology , pathogenesis , clinical manifestation , diagnosis and treatment of splenic abscess ( sa ) .
a sumarrization was made on the clinical data of 9 cases of sa who were treated by auther with leterature review .
sa could be divided to autopsy type and clinical type ,
the demonstration rate of sa was 0.4 % ~ 0.7 % in autopsy .
clinically massive solitary sa was common .
the source of infection was mamily from blood stream .
no special clinical manifestation was found in the early stage of sa .
possitive blood culture rate was 15 % ~ 70 % in sa patients . imagic examination was helpful to the diagnosis of sa .
the misdiagnosis rate of sa was as high as 22.5 % ~ 50 % , even more .
surgical treatment had good result .
the project of culturing one hundred graduate students for the departments of agricultural management and science and technology in west china is advanced .
the area of the west china 's slope cultivated land is 83.3 percent of that of the whole country .
this paper takes the west china 's ecotope frail zone as an example and expounds the main problems of the slope-cultivated land .
finally , the suggestions on constructing slope cultivated land from difficulty to ease in strategy and from ease to difficulty in tactics are made .
the dietary phosphorus lenel and calcium : phosphorus ratios in the diets were manipulated with caco3 , na2hpo4 and cahpo4 , respectively .
finally , the feasibility of the method mentioned above is verified by an example about a human-machine system model in a vehicle cab .
the effects of content and length of glass fibers on the strength of soil-cement mixtures and the mechanism of glass fiber reinforcement were studied .
to elucidate the enhanced effect of il-3 on the proliferation and differentiation of cord blood hematopoietic cells in vitro .
il-3 enhanced the proliferation and differentiation of positive hematopoietic cells from cord blood in the stroma-supported culture .
in order to study the expression of hiv-2 gag gene in e.coli .
hiv-2 gag genes expressed in e. coli dh5 and mainly presented in inclusion bodies .
analyze the association hla-dqb1 gene polymorphism and mg susceptibility in chinese hans .
hla-dqb1 were genetyped using pcr-rflp .
dqb1 * 0303 was susceptible to mg in chinese hans . dqb1 * 0601and dqb1 * 0602 were protective genes .
to analyse hla-b locus of 91 ambiguous sera-typing samples with pcr-ssp method and find out what cause sera-typing ambiguous .
besides , pcr-ssp can detect some alleles which were formerly thought as blank in shanghaiese , for example b49 .
the cross over within different wells in operating .
pcr-ssp is free from these problems listed above and the accuracy of pcr-ssp was demonstrated by the completely result coincidence with reference cell lines .
pcr-ssp is confirmed as a more accurate and reliable method for hla-b typing , satisfying the clinical needs .
to provide the target antigen for the development of a zp vaccine by using a prokaryotic expression system .
the availability of native and non-glycosylated pzp3 protein will help in the development and evaluation of a contraceptive vaccine based on pzp3 protein .
the hgm72 specific mucin carbohydrates could be detected in the cells of antral gland and mucosa neck cells of gastric gland .
the hgm75 specific mucin carbohydrates were demonstrated exiting in the gastric foreolar epithelial cells .
to probe the surgical method to suitably treat giant globe-like breast .
the modified reverse double " v " breast excision might be a suitable method to treat giant globe-like breast .
study the effects of decrease complications after operations by using the slim sucker liposuction .
satisfactory results were achieved .
which the petechiae , hematoma , reduction of feeling skin are not more even and more symmetrical than that using the wide sucker liposuction .
the circulatory system embolism and the broken of big blood vessel never happened .
the effect of liposuction by using the slim sucker is quite good , which can reduce and miligate the complications obviously .
to investigate the effect of clinical application of vascular-nerve pedicle island fascial flap in dorsal index finger .
methods ; the flaps have been used to repair the soft tissue defect in thumb of 10 cases and in first finger web of 2 cases .
post-operative the pearance and function were satisfactoery in all casese . the flap has appropriate thickness and good skin texture with well-matched color .
to look for a brug ang a therapy method of cleaning spots inlevel of preclinical medicine .
toadopt methods of micro-fixed-point injection and ultraviolet radiation , we inject formatixe liquid of biack spots into varying depth subcutaneous layer of animal .
the black spots model in experimentalanimal may be founded under rigid experimental circumstances it will promote the study on pigmentary diseases in medical cosmetology .
purpose : to explore the conctete machanism which account for the different growth characterists of the normal skins and hypertrophic scars .
alarge percent of fibroblasts derived from the hypertrophic scars distribute in g2 , s and m periods with low levels of the p53 protein .
on the other hand , fibroblasts derived from the normal skins distribute mostly in g0 and g1 period with a high expression of p53 protein .
to evaluate the acute and chronic general toxicity to a new biodegradable phb .
the result showed that this new medical biodegradable phb has good biocompatibilty and biological safety .
eccm conditioned in the presence of phosphoramidon reduced the mitogenic effect by 33 % 2 % .
smc conditioned medium elicited a dose dependent decrease of cultured ec proliferation with a maximal effect of 78 % 3 % over basal level .
eccm and et-1 had a mitogenic effect on smc .
phosphoramidon could significantly reduce the mitogenic effect of eccm .
smccm had an effective inhibition on ec proliferation .
by identifying and the characteristic of physics and chemistry the six single culture strains of bacteria , preliminary showed that it was a. caviae in aeromonas .
through examination ablut causing illness , it was proved that the a. caviae seperated and appraised was pathogenic bacteria of this infection septcaemia of soft-shelled turtle .
aim to isolate the female-specific sequence of schistosomajaponicum s. j. in order to provide a basis for researching vaccines of anti-fecundity .
the result suggested that the fragment of approx . 562bp was the female-specific sequence of schistosoma japonicum .
aim to study the effects of high-dose thymosin on the cytokine concentration in sennn of the patients with chronc hepatitis band its therapy mechanism .
level changes of ifn- , sil-2r , tnf , and 2-mg in the patients ' serum were analyzed comparatively before and after treatment .
the results showed that the accuracy of laboratory diagnosis oould be improved by simultaneously testing samples with pcr and serodiagnosis .
the method of 5s-23srrna gene spacer rflp analysis will probably be used widely in studying the relationship of clinical manifestation and genospecies and in epidemiology investigations .
the mab was tesed in mab-elisa method to detect taxoplasma gondii antigen .
ifa did not show fiuorescence in intact tachyzoite .
inhibition test showed that the inhibition rate was 50 % when the concetration of the antigen was 40 g/ml .
when mice were infected with t. gondiirh strain tachyzoites , 103 / mouse p.i . , circulating antigen could be detectedin 6 day and 8 day .
conchusion the mab ( f7c8h12 ) to t. gomdii tachyzoites is an excellent probe for studying t. gondii snd toxoplasmosis .
the paper reports the characteristics and distribution trend of two types of human hydatidosis ( hd ) in tibetan region of western sichuan .
the middle and old aged persons revealed higher infection rate .
the average age of ce and ae cases were 38.8 and 45.6 years old respectively .
herdsmen with hd infection rate of 7.01 % -13.53 % and most ae cases constituted the higher risk population .
the infection rates of ae among herdsmen in shipqu and ganzi counties reached 6.06 % and 4.46 % .
aim to evaluate the application of dipstick and pcr for diagnosing falciparun malaria in outpatient clinics in endemic area .
results 112 cases with fever were examined .
the sensifivity of dipstick and pcr is 93.5 % and 83.9 % respectively , while the specificity is 95.1 % and 98.8 % respectively .
the higher the parasitemia density is , the higher the detection rate is ( x2 for trendancy p < 0.01 ) .
dipstick is much more rapid and simple than blood smear and pcr method , and is promising in endemic areas .
both dipstick and pcr should be improved to make the sensitivity higher , especially when the parasitemia densities are low .
aim to develop a molecular biologic technique for detection of chlamudia pneumoniae with nested polymeyase chain reaction ( npcr ) .
nested primers were synthesized according to a cloned c.pneumoniae 474- bp pst i fragmert .
the direct sequening of 3 sample products with npcr are quite same as c. pneumoniae ( cwl-29 ) .
this method is not only sensitive.specific and rapid , but also provides an etiological basis for cdiagnosis of c.pneumoniae infection .
hlj-054 strain and hl-93 strain should be considered as the same species of sfgr , and suggested namely as r.heilongjiangii , which might have divergence between different strains .
aim in order to study the dna polymorphism of the adherence gene cluster among uropathogenic e.coli ( upec ) strains .
it was showed that mrha ~ , and negative strains were 37.9 % , 32.6 % and 29.5 % , respectively .
the hybridized positive strains with one of both probes in mrha and negative examined strains were 64.5 % and 35.7 % .
it was inferred that pap adherence gene cluster of uropathogenic e.coli strains may be very diversity .
to study the killing mechanism of the drug and affection on the contents of protein , glycogen and dna in the worm .
the measurement of glycogen was done by park and johndon methods ;
the content of dna was measured by diphenylamine staining method .
the dogs with the drug were dissected after 3 or 5 days and a lot of worms obtained , all the worms were killed .
the mean of alive time of the worm was 2.39 days in vitro . it was markedly different from the control group .
the dead worms obtained in vivo was remarkably reduced in size and weight compared with the alive worms in control group .
the size of the worm killed by the drug did not reduce in vitro , but the weight was reduced remarkably .
the measurements on the contents of protein and dna showed marked differences among the groups with the drug in vivo or in vitro and the control group .
the content of glycogen of the worm reduced in the group with the drug in vivo , but there was no distinctive differences in the group in vitro .
the triclabendazole was effective against p.westermani in vitro and in vivo .
aim to investigate the presence of ehrlichia chaffeensis in the forest area of northwestern fujian province .
of the 616 ( 240pools ) adult haemaphysalis yeni examined , 31 pools were positive at a minimum prevalence of 5.0 % .
the sequence of the 390bp fragment amplified from representative samples of h.yeni and rodent were indentical to the corresponding part of american strains of e.chaffeensis .
the findings of the present study imply that the natural foci of human monocytic ehrlichiosis may exist in northwestern fujian province .
aim to study the pathogenicity of shigella dysenteriae l-forms .
the experiment was divided into 3 groups : group a was infected with s.dysenteriae original forms , group b with l-forms and group c injected with normal saline .
s.dysenteriae l-forms are still pathogenic , but much weaker than their original forms .
aim to develop recombinant vaccine candidate antigens .
it isn t much different from the compared groups in the activity of sdh and ldh in all chemicals groups .
both vaccines were well tolerated . the local and systemic reaction were mind .
aim to accomplish the etiological diagnosis of toxoplasmosis by in situ pcr ( ispcr ) .
ispcr could be applicable in detecting the dna of t.gondii in paraffin embedded sections as a new method .
aim to study the relativity between the infection of bacterial l-forms and endometrial adenocarcinoma .
with the gram s staining the positive rate of bacterial l-forms in endometrial adenocarcinoma and endometrial hyperplasia were 54.5 % and 56.7 % .
the s.aureus l-form dna may invade into the glandular epithelial cells of endometrium and lead to hyperplasia and cancer formation .
this indicates the existence of a relationship between the infection of s.aureus and its l-forms and the development of cancer in endometrium .
aim to set up and evalute a method for detecting pathogenic fungi in human blood specimens .
aim to identify the pathological feature of experimental cantonensis pneumonia experimentaly .
to observe the morphalogical changs in the lung of rats infected by a.cantonensis with the mechods of histology , histochemistry and ultrastructure .
it caused pulmovascular internal elastic membrane fragmentation , necrotic small angiitis , and large artery endothelial cell diffuse or papillate proliferation .
there was also going with changes such as bronchitis , pneumonia and pulmonary abscess .
aim to seek the possible existence of mixed infections of echinochasmus fujianensis and other fish-borne tremtodes in pinyuan county , guangdong .
experimental animal infection were performed from metacercariae of e.fujianensis strains in fujian and guangdong , and it 's dna analysis random amplified polymorphic dna ( rapd ) .
aim identifying the original cell line of echinococcus granulosus
dengue viruses were cultured with c6 / 36 cells .
by using thermal phenol method to extract dengue virus rna , those rna samples were amplified respectively by rt-pcr and the product were sequenced .
den-2-ngc rna can be amplified from infected tissue culture fluid with viral concentration as low as 10tcid50 and the amplified product accords with the den-2-ngc s sequence .
rabbit experimental herpes simplex virus-i ( hsv-i ) corneitis was treated with huangju extration .
the result showed that it is efficacious to cure hsv-i infection with huangju extraction .
in order to detect mycoplasma species mainly infected in human ,
pcr detection of mycoplasma with universal primers could be a helpful way in laboratory and clinical .
the various characters of the recombinant bacteria were stable after 52 propagation and preservation for 15 months at -70c .
aim investigation on the contamination of listeris monocytogenes ( lm ) in six kinds of food in fujian .
there was not significant difference between the couples ' infection rate .
aim protective immunity of dna vaccine pcdsj32 for schistosoma japonica by different injection times and challenge time after the last inoculation in mice was investigated .
challenge infection was applied 4wk or 8wk after the last inoculation with 40 cercariae each mouse .
the adult reduction rates and the epg in the livers of mice were detected 6wk after challenge .
the protective immunity could be influenced by different times of dna vaccine inoculation and the challenge time after the last immunization .
the best protective results could be obtained with inoculation once combined with the challenge 8wk after the immunization of dna vaccine .
the expressed protein was identified by sds -page , western blot , and scanning analysis .
the p39 gene of the chinese borrelia burgdorferi isolate was successfully cloned and highly expressed in prokaryotic expression system .
the recombinant p39 protein may provide a promising candidate antigen for diagnostic usage in lyme disease .
the prp polypeptide combined with bsa obtained immunogenicity and anti-prp synthetic peptide antiserum was successfully obtained .
the no was detected by enzyme assay .
the ifn - , il - 2 and no were produced by vaccinating balb / c mice with the recombinant plasmid , pcrop1 .
aim to investigate the ultrastructural changes of pneumocystis carinii treated with dihydroarteminsinin .
it suggested that dihydroarteminsinin could mainly destroy membrane system ultrastructures of p. carinii .
aim to search the effective malaria mixed gene vaccine and to explore the immune response of vaccinated host .
enhanced immune injection could improve host 's immune reaction .
sj digestive proteinases could degrade mf hb effectively . there was no obvious difference in degradation between mf hb and mouse hb .
sj does not develop normally in mf may probably not be related to the digestionof mf hb .
at the early phase of infection , parasites were found on the edge of the liver and spleen .
a few parasites were detected within the liver , spleen and lungs with time being .
but parasites increased progressively and distributed well during the whole phase .
the brain was the last organ to be parasitized .
parasites multiplicated rapidly so that the mice were seriously ill and died .
the indirect immunoenzymatic technique can demonstrate tachyzoites and toaxoplasma antigen clearly in infected mice during acute stage .
many organs were infected such as liver , spleen , lungs and brain .
aim to observe the pathological changes in the mice liver damaged by the virulent rh strain of toxoplasma gondii .
immunochemistry abc dye test .
tnf , il-6 do have detrimental effects on proliferation , embry development and fetal survival .
aim in order to detect mycoplasma fermentans ( mr ) and mycoplasma penetrans ( mpe ) at the same time dual nested-pcr ( dn-pcr ) technique was established
the dn-pcr method was established for the detection of mf and mpe at the same time which was sensitive specific and rapid .
aim study the characteristic of the hemolysin of edwardsiella tarda .
manner plate assay , contact hemolysis and supernatant assay were used .
discuss the factors about affecting hemolysis activity and testing have been discussed .
there are at least two kinds of hemolysins of edwardsiella tarda , activity of which is different with circumstance changing .
igm corresponding rates are all more than 60 % .
it is the first case in liaoning province china .
aim to study the relationship between helicobacter pylori ( h. pylori ) infection and genetic factor-abo blood group .
2no significant difference was observed between group band the control ( p > 0.05 ) or group a ( p > 0 . 05 ) .
there is the relationship between h. pylori infection and blood group o.
the antibodies of clonorchis sinensis in fishermen area and cooks and shopkeepers et al . were investigated with pvc-fast-dot-elisa .
aim to study the cause of high epidemic of hfrs in baoding .
respectively and that of amino acid were 97 . 27 % .
seo type virus was replatively stable ceneticaly .
it was the pathogentic bacteria that led to the death of the assamese macaque .
vitek ams can detect esbls positive bacterial accurately and quickly . the multiply resistance of esbls-producing organisms was very serious .
aim to explore an assay for the early diagnosis of toxoplasma infection .
this study was undertaken to investigate mother-to-infant transmission of human parvovirus b19 and the significance of prevalence of b19 virus in abnormal fetuses in guandong .
but those specific gene fragments were only amplified specially from blood after 10 weeks immunization .
aim to investigate cell mediated-immunity induced by porin of salmonella typhimurium ( stm ) .
these results indicated that porin of stm might induced stronger cmi in balb / c mice .
the antigen of hp-l in 65 . 2 % cases was detected by immunohistochemical technique .
the results showed no differences in both stainiing methods ( p > 0 . 05 ) .
hp-l infection may be one of the biological factor leading to the ec except virus .
aim determined the gene type of isolated strains of orientiatsutsugamushi ( ot ) in liaoning and jilin areas .
strains kdct9402 , kdcp9403 and kdct9404 had the simular testriction map with reference strain karp .
in order to test whether the 23kda protein could be the candidate for new generation vaccines against leptospirosis for the developing world ,
injection of the e. coli lysate of pdl121 with freund 's adjuvant into guinea pigs resulted in some protection of the animal against the challenge with strain 017 .
this indicated that 23kda had good imunogenicity and could serve as a candidate for protective antigen of l. interrogans .
aim to investigate the immune effects of the genetic engineering vaccine against swine cysticercosis with the animal mode of kunming mouse .
the vaccine was safety to all the vaccinated rats .
the antibodies against swine cysticerci began to appear positive in some of the immunized mice at 7 days postvaccination , and they were all positive at 21 days .
65 cysticerci were found in the mice of the nonvaccination group , which lodged mainly in the chests .
aim to extract the effect component for snail control from solanum xanthocarpum and observe its effect against the snail intermediate host of schistosoma japonicum .
organic solvent was used to extract and obtain an effect component for snail , control from the fruit of solanum xanthocarpum ;
the results showed that the molecular weight of effect component for snail control is 722 .
lc50 of solanum xanthocarpum to the snail for 24 , 48 and 72 hours were 0 . 621,0 . 332,0 . 181mg / l
solanum xanthocarpum is a new plant extraction which has an excellent effect to the snail .
there are four motion patterns of oncosphere which may be related to degree of maturity .
those with oriented motion is of infectious oncosphere .
under scanning electronic microscope , oncosphere without mobility is found to be wraped with a layer of membrane .
the six hooks are the motion organs which sloughs after 10-15 days infectiing the host .
aim to study the effects of praziquantel treatment on the level of helicobacter pylori ( hp ) antibody in patients infected schistosoma japonicum .
the whole cell antigen of hp was used to detect the hp igg antibody in 94 cases of sera from the patients before and after praziquantel treatment .
the sero-positive rate was 75 . 94 % in same cases by elisa with xingjiang cystic hydatid antigen .
and the sero-positive rates were lower in whole calcific cystic hydatid than that in other cystic hydatid disease .
the sero-negative cases belonged to cystic hydatid disease which located in lungs of livers alone .
the ratio of the number of positive seras to that of negative seras was 1 to 7 approximately .
the value and mean of different serological methods in diagnosis and judge diagnosis for cystic and alveolar hydatid disease had been discussed .
aim to explore the kinetic change of the igg , t-cell subsets and il-2 level from the mice infected with t. spiralis .
after infected with t. spiralis , the level of igg in mice rised gradually , and reached its peak on the 35th day .
when the acute phase of t. spiralis infection , the immune function of host was inhibited .
the protective immunity of against t. spiralis infection was cellular immunity mainly , in cooperation with humoral immunity .
( 2 ) drugs : amoxicillin , clarithromycin , metronidazole , furazolidone .
( 3 ) sensitive test : filter paper agar diffusion mthod .
5 outbreaks have been taken place in 35 years . four of which were major icterohaemorrhagiae serogroup icterohaemorrhagiae sertoype and one was hebdomadis serogroup hebdomadis serotype .
to study effect of behavioral intervention and biofeedback technique in aged hypertension .
while redudng blood pressure drug , behavioral intetvention and biofeedback technique were used for observing the effect of comprehensive behavioral intervention .
the effect of reducing blood pressure and correcting raood disfurbance were significantly improved after use of comprehensive behavioral intervention .
this is a retrospective clinical study in order to find some sensitive and reliable diagnostic methods of cervical spondylotic myelopathy ( csm ) .
the classical glasgow coma scale ( gcs ) can n't be used in some patients with stroke for aphasia and endotracheal incubation .
the logistic analysis was carried out for different gcs evaluation methods .
the simplified gcs is recommended for the patients with stroke who have aphasia and endotracheal incubation .
to evaluate the response of ovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding to different progestins .
the histology of endometrium turned to be secretary .
only a few patients had side effects such as putting on weight and amenorrhia , which is relative to the dosage .
supplementation of progestin in luteal phase could make the luteal function better .
short-term usage of surgestone 0.25mg / d and medroxyprogestone acetate 8mg / d was effective and safe .
to investigate the protective effect of total flavonoid from stems and leaves of scutellaria baicalensis on the cultured aortic smooth muscle cells of rat .
to observe the protecfive effecf of tf by measuring mtt metablism and cell nambers and cell culturing in vitro .
our results suggest that the tf may have a significant effect on prevention and treamaent of the atherosclerosis .
to investigate and analyse the condition of clinicians on the general practitioners ' necessary knowledge and skills at community hospitals so as to find out the corresponding countermeasures .
to understand the cognition of the aged in oneself-health and dangerous factors of chronic diseases and to provide the theory foundation in health promotion .
using systematic sample method and investigating the aged of 980 in a certain community .
the method of self-control diseases was mainly biological measure .
to confirm the white coat effect and study the character and the clinical significance of white coat hypertension ( wch ) .
to investigate the mechanisms of wch by means of psychological behavior research .
to report the effect of wch , the morbidity of wch and its relationship to essential hypertension .
there is a distinctive relationship between wch and psychological behavior factors , it is necessary to explore the prevention and treatment measures further .
the middle pleistocene laterite bed was discovered on the surface of terracevor above and on the belting denudation plane of terraceii .
the study on zhaili volcanic rock in the center of jiangxi is an important basic geological question . there exist many views on its characteristics and age .
( 2 ) xiangheer granite was formed in jinningian , rather than in zhongtiaoian ;
modeling is one of scientific research methods .
remote-sensing image is the image model of the crust surface , as well as an ideal prototype to establish a geological genetic model .
the structure and fabric of tectonite directly record the deformation or flowage of rock .
to observe the efficacy of all trans retinoic acid ( atra ) combined with 5-fu on treating subcutaneously implanted gastric carcinoma sgc 7901 in the nude mice .
atra combined with 5-fu can enhance the effects of 5-fu in treating gastric carcinoma .
to determine the effectiveness of sodium hyaluronate ( sha ) in preventing intraperitoneal ( ip ) adhesion .
there were statistically significant differences in the extent of adhesion among three groups ( p0.01 ) .
sha appeares to reduce the extent of postoperative ip adhesion , which is more satisfactory than dextran-40 .
to investigate the effect of cold ischemia on the development of transplant arteriosclerosis ( ta ) in rat aortic isografts .
the damage due to prolonged cold ischemia time is sufficient to cause pronouced graft arteriosclerosis .
to establish the reliable model of hepatocirrhosis with portal hypertension .
after 5 weeks , the portal pressure was significantly higher than that of control ( p0.05 ) .
to investigate the cause of the positive cancer cell incisal margin in gastrectomy for gastric carcinoma .
to prevent the incisal margin positive for cancer cell in gastrectomy , frozen biopsy should be done if possible .
to study the advances in clinical application of hernioplasty by high molecular material .
the literature in the recent years on the advances of hernioplasty by high molecular material was reviewed .
at present time many operative techniques of hernioplasty by high molecular material have been developed . the representative techniques were 1rives-stoppa 's mesh inlay hernioplasty ;
2lichtenstein 's tesion-free herniorrhaphy ;
3mesh plug hernioplasty ;
4gilbert 's sutureless hernioplasty ;
5laparoscopic inguinal hernioplasty .
the clinical application of henioplasty by high molecular material is increasing .
according to the hernia type and patient condition , excellent outcome will be achieved by the application of proper repairing method and repair material .
the study of pgc related to female hormone was reviewed by history document and experimental study in resently .
to probe the effects of lumbricus on wound healing after hemorroidectomy .
in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .
the time of wound healing in experimental group was 4 days shorter than that in control group .
from 3d on the wound healing and granulation filling of experimental group were much quicker than those of control group .
lumbricus can inhibit wound inflammation response and accelerate wound healing .
lumbricus is inexpensive and easily preserved , and could be used on the wound after hemorroidectomy to accelerate wound healing .
the results suggest that there is a immunoregulation between pa-igg and platelet . perhaps spleen has some relation with the immunoregulation .
to discuss the therapeutic effectiveness of surgical approach to complex intrahepatolithiasis with biliary liver cirrhosis .
combined operation of hepatectomy with splenectomy is an ideal and effective treatment for complex intrahepatolithiasis with biliary liver cirrhosis .
to study the feasibility of radical resection of gallbladder cancer with extensive invasion .
seven months later , the value of cea and hb were normal and cancer recurrence was not observed .
to study the etiology of primary intrahepatic stones .
the literatures in the recent years on the etiology of intrahepatic stone were revieved .
the formation of intrahepatic stone mainly caused by bacteria infection , parasitic infestation , bile stasis , congenital anatomic abnormalities and immunoreaction of bile tract .
the formation of intrahepatic stone is complex and are result of multiple factors . it closely related to the infection and stasis of the bile duct .
to improve the curative resection rate of hilar cholangiocarcinoma ( h-cc ) .
lileratures about surgical treatment of h-cc were collected and reviewed .
the crucial points are as follow : 1early diagnosis ;
2recognition of the invasion to liver ;
3rational resection of the tumor with associated vessels ;
4reduction of postoperative complications .
improved long-term resection effects on h-cc is possible .
to search for the significant early diagnostic and prognostic indicators in cholangiocarcinoma .
literatures about the variation of various kinds of genes in cholangiocarcinoma and their clinical significances were reviewed .
there are several genes mutation , deletion and overexpression in cholangiocarcinoma , k-ras gene was most deeply investigated .
k-ras mutation detection may be of help in the early finding and prognosis of cholangiocarcinoma .
to investigate the pathological characteristics of hepatic energy metabolism changes due to biliary sepsis .
the hepatic mitochondrial rcr showed early ascending and then dropping in the non-infective hepatic lobe .
the content of atp and mitochondrial respiratory activity decreased synchronously in both hepatic lobes .
to investigate the phenotypic change and proliferation of fibroblasts in human inflammatory strictured bile duct wall .
the results showed that fibroblasts were the main source of extracellular matrix production in bile duct wall .
in order to study the mechanism of cholesterol gallstone formation
the test prove that cholestasis would occure during tpn and become serious with time prolonging .
and the promoter activity was determined by measuring luciferase activity .
to investigate the rationale of immune privilege of testicular sertoli cell .
sabc was used for labeling the fas ligand on testicular sertoli cell .
in vitro , sertoli cell can kill the active lymphocytes , and testicular sertoli cell expresses the fas ligand .
fas ligand expressing on the testicular sertoli cell may be the cause of immune privilege of testicular .
to study the association and the effect of the expression of p16 and p53 protein on the occurence and development of gallbladder carcinoma .
the expression of p16 and p53 protein were detected in 40 cases of gallbladder carcinoma with immunohistochemical method .
to study the relation between retinoblastoma ( rb ) gene expression and biological characteristics of gallbladder carcinoma .
the rate of positive staining was 58.7 % in gallbladder carcinoma which was significantly lower than that in cholecystitis and gallbladder papilloma ( 100 % ) .
it sugests that expression or non-expression of rb gene is closely related to the malignant potential invasiveness and prognosis of gallbladder carcinoma .
to discuss the relationship between the efficiency of bile duct drainage and the postoperative liver functional recovery and the prognosis of hilar cholangiocarcinoma .
the liver function in bilateral drainage group was nearly normal within 6 weeks after operation .
the differences of perioperative complication rate and mortality of the two groups showed no significance .
this suggests that et is tightly related with the pathologic process of acst .
the usefulness of measurement of nuclear dna content elevation for diagnosis of early hepatocellular carcinoma was evaluated by a study of 186 patients with liver cirrhosis .
results 1hepatocellular carcinoma was found in 37 patients during 10 years follow-up , the cumulative incidence of hepatocellular carcinoma was 19.89 % .
it is important that measurement of 5cer join with afp in cirrhotic patients monitored for early development of hepatocellular carcinoma .
expression of cd15 was significantly correlated with bcl-2 .
expression of cd15 and bcl-2 can be regarded as a parameter to evaluate tumor metastasis and prognosis of thyroid cancer .
verapamil and energy compouds have protective effects on the functions and ultrastructures of the i/r of small intestine .
after rats were fasted for 24 hours a little gastric juice was aspirated .
these suggest that on stress gastric mucosa bleeding is related with decreased gastric juice ph , decreased pgs and increase acth .
to control stress ulcer , ph of gastric juice and amount of pgs should be increased .
losec can increase gastric juice ph , so losec is the first choice to control stress ulcer .
to study the relationship between expression of nm23 , cd44 in gastric carcinoma and lymph-node metastasis and prognosis .
the incidences of nm23 , cd44h and cd44v6 protein positivity in gastric carcinoma were 44.8 % , 54.3 % and 48.6 % respectively .
the reactivity to these three antibodies were correlate with metastasis of lymph nodes ( p0.01 for cd44v6 and p0.05 for nm23 , cd44h ) .
the result of southern blot hybridization with pw2.2 as a probe showing that this fragment was also found in some other gastric adenocarcinoma samples .
ap-pcr fingerprinting assay can be used to identify and clone the variant genes associated with gastric adenocarcinoma .
to investigate the clinical significance of the amplification of cyclind1 gene and overexpression of its protein product in breast cancer .
the detection of cyclind1 gene and its protein in breast cancer has some clinical significances .
to study the effects of endothelin ( et ) on acute pancreatitis in rats .
the serum concentration of amylase increased markedly in ahnp rats , and there was a significant difference between ahnp and aep ( p0.01 ) .
to investigate the surgical technique of reduced sized liver transplantation .
a reduced size liver transplantation was successfully performed on a 11-year old girl with incurable caroli 's disease .
the recovery of liver graft function was good after the operation in this patients without complications .
to investigate the expression of intercellular adhesion molecules-1 ( cd54 ) in rectal carcinoma and nearby mucous membrane and its clinical significance .
cd54 is highly expressed in both the rectal carcinoma and the mucous membrance 2cm distal away from the lesions .
cd54 may be used as an important clinical tumor marker for rectal carcinoma and the mucous membrance 2cm away from the lesions may have the tendency for malignancy .
to evaluate ct and ultrasonic imaging as a diagnostic means of acute intestinal obstruction .
acute intestinal obstruction of 30 patients diagnosed by preoperative ct scanning and ultrasonic imaging was retrospectively viewed , compaired with intraoperative and pathologic findings .
to study the effect of gastrin receptor antagonist on large intestine cancer patients with liver metastatic .
follow-up was done each month in two groups .
to evaluate the value of bile and serum ca19-9 in diagnosing biliary tract carcinoma .
the dividing value of bile cea is 480 g/l , and its corresponding indexes were 57 . 14 % and 77.17 % .
the false positive rate of bile ca19-9 and cea were 26.09 % and 22.83 % . serum ca19-9 sensitivity , specificity were 80.00 % and 85.11 % ;
the corresponding indexes of serum cea were 68.57 % and 82.97 % .
ca19-9 is an effective tumor marker in diagnosing , deciding whether the tumor has been radically resected and in monitoring its response to the treatment .
to study the curative effect of operative and interventional treatment in 78 cases of budd-chiari syndrome ( bcs ) .
to sum up experiences in diagnosis and treatment for hash i moto 's disease ( hd ) .
clinical records of 78 patients who underwent operations and were diagnosed as hashimoto 's disease by histologic examination in our hospital from jan .
1988 to dec . 1998 were analyzed . results seventy females and 8 males , aged 9 to 70 years ( average of 41.6 years ) .
hd was coexistent with 10 . 3 % of thyroid gland malignant tumor , 23.1 % of adenoma and 30.8 % of other thhroid gland diseases .
the misdiagnosis rate was 35.9 % and missed diagnosis rate was 46.2 % .
to study the change of immunologic function of the patient with obstructive jaundice .
the level of the sil-2r , tnf- , il-6 and il-8 in 36 cases of obstructive jaundice before operation was higher than normal control group ( p0.01 ) .
it decreased after the obstruction was removed , and it was close to normal control on 14th day after operation .
the result suggest that relief of jaundice could improve the immunologic function of the patient .
to study the value of intraperitoneal chemotherapy in the treatment of gastrointestinal malignancies .
the current literature on intraperitoneal chemotherapy was reviewed .
following intraperitoneal injection , the concentration of drugs in the peritoneum and in the portal vein was high , lasting and sustained .
early post-operative chemotherapy showed better results .
port-a-cath provides a safe and suitable drug delivery system .
complications were mild .
to provide a current language for clinical and pathological discription of gastric cancer .
the literature in recent years on the distribution of lymph nodes and staging of gastric cancer were reviewed .
the excellent outcome of surgery will be achieved by the effective dissection and removel of lymph nodes in gastric cancer .
to review recent studies in molecular biology of gastric cancer .
relevant references were reviewed .
gastric cancer is related to much mutation of genes .
to review the studies on oddi 's sphincter motility in recent years .
endoscopic manometry was the gold standard for distinguishing normal motility from the abnormal .
some surgeries and drugs could lead to the sphincter of oddi dysfunction .
the sphincter of oddi dysfunction can be treated with endoscopic sphincterotomy .
preservation of sphincter function is stressed in surgery .
to review the studies on vascular endothelium growth factor ( vegf ) gene therapy for patients with chronic critical limb ischemia .
to investigate the effect of b7-1 and il-12 gene expression on the immunogenicity of hepatocellular carcinoma ( hcc ) hepg2 cells .
plasmids encoding b7-1 and il-12 molecules were retrovirally introduced into human hcc cells , empty vector as control .
b7-1 and il-12 gene transfer could remarkably promote immunogenicity of hepatocellular carcinoma cells and induce strong specific and nonspecific immunity against hepatocellular carcinoma in vitro .
seventeen and 24 patients with phc were treated , respectively by pai or by pei in our hospital .
to investigate the variety of telomerase activity in the course of liver cancer development , and the possibility of using telomerase as a marker of hcc .
ten of 12 liver cirrhosis tissues were positive with a positive rate of 83.3 % .
to investigate the diagnosis and treatment of the liver hydatidosis in nonpastureland .
clinical features of 16 patients with liver hydatidosis were analyzed retrospectively .
to sum up experiences in diagnosis and treatment for thyroid malignancy .
there were 1 male and 7 females with average age of 37.6 years .
the incidence of hashimoto 's disease associated with thyroid cancer and malignant lymphoma were 7.7 % and 2.6 % , respectively .
no operative mortality and complication was found .
hashimoto 's disease is not uncommon . the combined thyroid cancer is small with papillary carcinoma predominance and the prognosis is good .
if it is complicated with malignant lymphoma , the thyroid is rapidly enlarged with pain and dyspnea .
to study the relation between the pathogenesis of gallstone and blood lipid and protein .
then indexes of blood lipid and protein in 204 cases of gallstone patients were measured and analysed by statistical software spss .
the indexes mentioned above may play an important role in the gallstone formation .
to study the effects of heat shock proteins ( hsps ) in the course of hepatic ischemia reperfusion injury ( hiri ) , and analyze its mechanism .
the relationship between hsps and hiri was studied by reviewing literatures .
hsps was a kind of stress protein induced after cell was sitmulated by the stress . it could improve body 's tolerance to tough situation .
to study the epidemiologic characteristics of primary liver cancer ( plc ) .
the literatures about regional distribution and etiologic epidemiology of plc were reviewed .
plc was mainly distributed on caostland in the south-east of china . the main cause of plc was hepatitis b virus , aflatoxin and contamination of drinking water .
otherwise , pls was also related with lack of some trace element , sex horemones , genealogy cause and so on .
the genesis of plc was by multiple factors .
the effects of endotoxin , cytokines , nitric oxide were reviewed in the development of hyperdynamic circulatory syndrome in portal hypertension .
liceratures of overseas main studies in hyperdynamic circulatory syndrome of portal hypertension in recent 10 years were reviewed .
the hyperdynamic circulatory syndrome was found in 30 % -50 % of patients with cirrhosis and in all animal models of portal hypertension .
the research results of the effects of endotoxin , cytokines , nitric oxide in the development of hyperdynamic circulatory syndrome were different .
hyperdynamic circulatory syndrome contribute to the maintenance and aggregation of portal hypertension .
to search for the significant gene indicators in the diagnosis of pancreatic cancer .
literatures about genetic diagnosis of pancreatic cancer were collected and reviewed .
k-ras , p53 , dpc4 and telomerase genes were considered to play important roles in the diagnosis of pancreatic cancer .
detection of the genes related to pancreatic cancer may be of helpful in early diagnosis of pancreatic cancer .
to study the advances in microcirculation after islets of langerhans transplantation ( ilt ) .
the literature in the recent years on the study of the relationship between ilt and microcirculation was reviewed .
freely transplanted islet grafts were revascularized from the host-derived microvascular bed .
the interstitial pressure in the islet transplants was markedly lower than the capillary pressure . there were clearly differences in microcirculation between syngeneic and xenogeneic islet grafts .
to provide experimental evidence for the clinical application of ischemia therapy to treating pancreatic cancer .
compared to that of normal rats , the serum level of il-10 and tgf- in 24 hours of acute pancreatitis increased significantly ( p < 0.05 ) .
to investigate the expression of multigenes mediated by adenovirus in liver cancer cells and the effects on growth of cells transducted with multigenes .
to evaluate the activity of the pancreatic tissue phospholipase a2 ( pla2 ) in acute pancreatitis ( ap ) and the therapeutic effects of verapamil in rats .
tgf- 1 staining was observed in the granulation tissue , fibroblasts and endothelial cells of blood vessels .
high expression of tgf- 1 was observed in the healing process lasting for a long time .
the high expression of tgf- 1 is related closely with the fibroblast proliferating activity , extracellular matrix overdeposition and scar proliferation in the healing process of bile duct .
to discuss the diagnosis and treatment of insulinoma , clinical characteristics and summarize our experiences .
all 15 patients recieved surgical treatment . fourteen patients were cured and the 15th patient died from hepatic failure six months later .
insulinoma should be diagnosed and treated as early as possible . it can be cured by resection of the tumor .
to evaluate the effect of regiono-perfusional chemotherapy of pancreatic adenocarcinoma , and to seek the management of its complications .
six patients had complete response , 15 partial response , and one underwent radical resection subsequently .
cmplications occurred in 14 patients with 2 patients died of complications .
regiono-perfusional chemotherapy of pancreatic adenocarcinoma is effective , but the complications can not be neglected .
to investigate the efficiency of combining traditional chinese medicine with western medicine in the treatment of severe acute pancreatitis ( sap ) .
to determine whether regional arterial infusion ( rai ) of 5-fu and imipenem could decrease infection and mortality of acute necrotic pancreatitis ( anp ) or not .
rai of 5-fu and imipenem was effective in reducing anp infection and mortality rates .
to investigate the prevention of gangrene of exteriorized colon following transabdomino-perineal saving sphincter resection of rectal cancer .
in these cases , the exteriorized sigmoid colon had good blood supply and no gangrene was found .
to evaluate the diagnostic value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography ( mrcp ) in obstructive jaundice .
different causes of obstruction had their own characteristic manifestations . level of obstruction was accurate in 100 % , the accuracy in distinguishing obstructive causes was 93.8 % .
mrcp is quite effective , safe and reliable in diagnosis of obstructive jaundice .
to explore the operative managements of ectopic gallbladder during laparoscopic cholecystectomy ( lc ) .
anatomic ectopia of gallbladder tosses a challenging problem to laparoscopic surgeon . it is safe for surgeons to recognise actual anatomical anomaly and to manage them appropriately .
to summarize the role of inflammatory cytokines in the pathogenesis of acute pancreatitis ( ap ) and gut barrier dysfunction in recent years .
literatures on cytokines and experimental pancreatitis as well as clinical pancreatitis were collected and reviewed .
to investigate the effect of tumor suppressor gene on tumourigenesis in multiple primary malignant neoplasm ( mpmn ) .
the retrospective analysis was used to summarize several common tumor suppressor genes correlation to mpmn .
a retrospective study was made on clinical data of 58 triplex operation patients suffering from portal hypertension and upper digestive tract bleeding .
postoperative portal pressure was 25 ~ 43cmh2o ( preoperative portal pressure 27 ~ 45cmh2o ) with the average reduction of 8cmh2o .
owing to cerebrovascular disease 1 patient died .
2 patients suffered from mild hepatoencephalopathy and was ameliorated through conservative treatment .
lymphatic fistula occurred in 3 patients who recovered without treatment 5,10 days and 3 months after operation respectively .
41 patients were followed up for 1 month to 6 years and found no rebleeding or hepatoencephalopathy occurrence .
disappearance of hypersplenism was found in all patients ;
ascites was disappearred in 20 cases , significant reduce in 10 cases ;
liver function was improved in 10 cases , deteriorated in 3 , without remarkable changes in 28 .
the artificial vessels unblocking detected by b type ultrasonography and doppler sonography in 40 cases .
intrahepatic portal hypertension with rebleeding after treatment of splenectomy or without operation , and the patients with liver function in child a orb class .
to observe the effect of combination of splenocaval shunt with portaazygous devascularization for portal hypertension with upper digestive tract hemorrage .
a retrospective summary was made on 56 cases of portal hypertension with hemorrhage treated by the combined operation .
resultsthere was no rebleeding at the early stage of postoperation in the series with operative mortality 3.6 % .
the incidence of long-term rebleeding and hepatic encephalopathy was 4.1 % and 2.0 % respectively .
postoperative survival rates of 1,3,5and 10years were 98.1 % , 93.9 % , 82.5 % and 66.7 % respectively .
including child a in 13 cases , child bin 5 and child c in 2 .
the patients ' average age was 43.4 years old .
postoperative color doppler-ultrasonography and angiography showed that hepatopetal blood flow was no changes after operation . the patent rate of shunt was of 90 % .
to study the effective treatment for rebleeding in postoperative gastroesophageal varices ( gev ) .
of the 58 cases , 7 were treated by non-operative management ;
51 by surgery , including emergent operation in 19 , elective operation in 32 .
to investigate the pathogenesis of portal hypertensive gastropathy ( phg ) .
prominent edema , scattered red dots / ecchymosis were found in gastric mucosa in rats with pht .
to investigate the effect of tnf- on development of portal hypertension ( pht ) .
tnf- possibly plays an importan role in hemodynamic changes in pht rabbit model , and no is the key mediator in this process .
to investigate the role of cytokines genes expression of liver sinusoidal endothelial cells in liver damage by sepsis .
while il-6 gene expression showed signficantly higher at 3h and remained at the high level at 12h .
liver sinusoidal endothelial cell is an important source of cytokine production in mice with sepsis .
to investigate the relationship between hepatocellular glycogen content and liver ischemia-reperfusion injury as well as the mechanism .
intracellular abundant glycogen may reduce liver damage caused by ischemia-reperfusion .
to study the intestinal bacterial translocation and changs in endotoxin level of portal vein blood after hepatic inflow blocking .
to investigate the correlation of ki-67 expression with both clinical pathological factors and prognosis of hepatocellular carcinoma ( hcc ) .
detection of ki-67antigen expression helps to distinct hcc from fnh ; and ki-67 index can be used to predict the degree of malignancy of hcc and its prognosis .
the clinical data of 342 patients with membranous obstructive bcs from may 1990 to december 1997 were retrospectively analysed .
in the operation group , the effctive rate was 86.6 % , recurrence rate 10.5 % and mortality rate 2.9 % ;
in the pta group , the effective rate 81.0 % , recurrence rate 19.0 % , mortality rate 1.7 % and failure rate of pta 11.2 % .
to evaluate the effect of combination of shunt procedure with portal azygous devascularization ( combined operation ) for portal hypertension .
the combined operation was satisfactorily proven by hemodynamic research .
to study the effect of operative and interventional treatment of budd-chiari syndrome ( bcs ) .
to investigate the surgical indication and effect of various surgical treatment for cavernous hemangioma of the liver ( lhg ) .
of all patients , 2 died ( 0.34 % ) and the rest recovered smoothly ;
but no death caused by the operation was found in the recent 5 years .
to evaluate the major prognostic factors in hepatocellular carcinoma ( hcc ) subsequent to radical resection .
in this series , the survival rates of 1,3 and 5 years were 89.73 % , 54.08 % and 29.12 % respertively .
the most signficant prognostic factors were tumor thrombus in the portal vein , c-myc gene expression and tumor without capsule .
the survival prediction equation was x2 = 53.281 p < 0.001 .
a five-year survival rates was significants different ( p < 0.05 ) among patients in low , intermediate and high risk group divided by prognostic index .
to investigate the preoperative diagnosis and surgical treatment of primary liver sarcoma .
the clinical data of 14 cases of primary liver sarcoma were retrospectively analysed .
all cases were misdiagnosed before operation .
the average survival time was 6 month .
surgical resection was performed on only 3 cases with survival time were 4 years , 6 months , 3 months respectively .
for the patients with a biopsy only , the longest survival time was 4 months with average of 1.5 months .
the preoperative diagnosis of liver sarcoma is difficult with high misdiagnosis rate , and the prognosis is poor .
to explore the values of color doppler in predicting the safety of hepatectomy for hepatic cancer .
test data of both preoperative and postoperative hepatic function and color doppler in 30 patients with hepatic cancer were analysed .
to report the clinical course and long-term management of a patient with living related liver transplantation .
the recipient was a 10-year old girl .
the donor was the patient 's father aged 40 years . the left lateral lobe of donor 's liver was cut and grafted to the recipient orthotopicallg .
intensive care and treatment as well as long-term follow-up were made after operation .
for the donor , the operation lasted 400min with bleeding of 410ml and 300g liver removed .
the donor recovered successfully . for the recipient , the operation lasted 652min with bleeding of 1665ml .
the non-liver period lasted 80min , warm ischemic period was not happened and cold ischemic period of graft was 137min .
the patient has been surviving 2.5 years with normal liver function .
to investigate the hemodynamic changes and clinical significance of combination of portal azygous devascularization with mesocaval shunt ( combined operation ) .
retrospective study was made on 100 patients who underwent the combined operation in 1980 ~ 1995 in our hospital .
acute bleeding in all patients was stopped in a short period postoperatively and no rebleeding occurred in early or late stages .
a postoperative mean fpp level was 25.09 3.1cmh2o , which can maintain a high level of hepatopetal portal flow and reduce the occurrence of encephalopathy .
to investigate the preventive measures and the diagnosis and treatment of iaotrogenic bile duct injury .
the clinical data of 91 cases of iatrogenic bile duct injury had been analysed retrospectively .
results 103 operations were performed on 91 patients .
8 of them underwent second operation . 2 underwent third operation .
70 patients were followed up and 90 % of them had a good result .
cholecystectomy as a leading cause of iaotrogenic bile duct injury can be avoided .
hepaticojejunostomy is preferable procedure in the repairment and reconstruction of bile duct injury , especially in serious damage with traumatic stricutre .
to evaluate the effect of surgery in the treatment of hepatolithiasis .
assessment of the problems concerning surgical treatment in hepatolithiasis .
and conclusions ( 1 ) cholangiography was adopted to know about the location and extension of hepatolithiasis before operation ;
( 3 ) intraoperative ultrasounography , cholangiography and cholangioscopy are useful to find and manage the residual stones ;
( 5 ) generally stage operation should be considered , if the patient is complicated with portal hypertension .
to study the effect of the hepatic segmental resection ( hsr ) with combined operation for hepatobiliary calculus .
no death occurred in this series .
76 cases were followed up after operation from 2 to 8 years , residual calculus rate was 5.88 % , symptoms recurrence rate 1.33 % .
no one was re-operated .
to summarize the experience of surgical treatment of intrahepatic gallstones .
analysis of the clinical data of 168 patients with intrahepatic gallstones was made retrospectively .
of the 168 cases , hepatectomy was proformed on 62 cases ( 36.9 % ) , 93.5 % of the patients showed excellent or good result ;
roux-en-y cholangiojejunostomy on 44 cases ( 26.2 % ) , 86.4 % of the patients had excellent or good result ;
to evaluate the role of choledochoscopy in selecting operation procedure for hepatolithiasis .
experience in choledochoscopy applied in 618 cases of hepatolithiasis was summerised .
( 2 ) perform hepatolobectomy for tubiform stenoses in hepatic duct ;
( 3 ) perform dilation with choledochoscopy for membraniform stenoses in hepatic duct ;
( 4 ) perform inner drainage for impassability in inferior extremity of common bile duct ;
( 5 ) external drainage must be selected or added if calculi can n't be extracted completely ;
( 6 ) perform hepatocholangioplasty for obvious stenoses in left or right hepatic duct .
calculi extraction with conventional appliances had a residual stone rate of 78.3 % ( 263 / 336 ) ;
but the rate declined to 25.9 % ( 87 / 336 ) after the use of intra-operative choledochoscopy and systemic therapy including post-operative choledochoscopy ;
the final residual stone rate was 2.8 % ( 17 / 618 ) after postoperative choledochscopic treatment .
choledochoscopy benefits the proper choice of operation for hepatolithiasis . it helps not only to discover and get rid of focal lesion effectively but also simplifies the operation .
to study the etiology , therapy and prevention of hepatolithiasis associated with intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma ( hlaihcc ) .
a retrospectively study was made on clinical manifestation of 6 patients with hlaihcc in two hospitals from march 1986 to june 1997 .
the main clinical manifestations of hlaihcc were charcot syndrome .
all the places had stones where the cancer occurred .
pathologically , all of the hlaihccs were adenocarcinoma .
of them , 5 cases died within 1 year .
to evaluate the availability of the biliointestinal internal drinage operation ( biido ) as a primary procedure for choledocholithiasis .
for those patients with choledocholithiasis , if their cbd diamter beyond 1.5cm , the biido as a primary procedure should be considered .
to study the changes of cholesterol metabolism in gallstone formation in the rabbit .
glycocholate ( gca ) in bile in 3 and 4 weeks groups decreased significantly ( p < 0.05 ) .
it is suggested that various steps of cholesterol metabolism play a role in gallstone formation .
to detect bile anaerobic bacteria and their actiones in patients with gallstone .
anaerobic bile culture was done by automatic detection system in 67 gallstone patients with cholecystectomy .
there may have some connection between anaerobic infection and gallstone formation .
the patients with obligate anaerobic bacteria positive only have a long term history of chronic cholecystitis and display no improvement of the clinical symptoms by antimicrobile treatments .
to study the mechanisms of protective effect of mild hypothermia on hepatic ischemia-reperfusion ( i-r ) injury .
mild hypothermia may enhance liver ability of oxidation-resistance , and reduce the oxygen free radical injury to liver after ischemia-reperfusion .
to explore the treatment of abdominal aortic aneurysm ( aaa ) by endoulminal vascular technique .
to summarize the experience in diagnosis and treatment for the papilla of vater in diverticula of duodenum .
diagnosis and treatment were retrospectively reviewed for 24 patients with papilla of vater in diverticula . effects of different procedures were compared .
the first choice of diagnosis measures was hypotonicity duodenum barium meal photography , ercp , ct and cholangiography .
the long-term effect of opening diverticula plus oddi 's sphincteroplasty was excellent .
the hypotonicity duodenum barium meal photography , ercp , ct and cholangiography have high diagnosis rate .
in patients without constrictive papillitis , the effect of digastive tract or biliary duct bypass technique is good ;
in patients with constrictive papillitis , although the methods of openning the diverticula with sphincterplasty of oddi is complex , the best long-term effect could be expected .
to improve the effect of surgical treatment of acute severe cholangitis ( acst ) .
retrospectively analysis was made on the clinical data of 189 patients with acst .
of 56 patients whose shock uncorrected before operation , but an operation was performed immediatly .
in this group 31 patients with one organ involved , no death occurred ;
of 58 patients with two organs involved , 1 ( 1.7 % ) died ;
to evaluate the therapeutic effect of hepatic resection for hepatolithiasis .
left hepatolithiasis was the most common form ( 165 cases ) ; left lateral lobectomy and left hepatectomy were most commonly performed procedures ( 153 cases ) .
postoperative complications occurred in 32 patients ( 17.39 % ) and no operative mortality .
hepatic resection is an effective procedure for hepatolithiasis .
to improve the diagnosis and treatment of severe acute pancreatitis ( sap ) .
today 's trend of the diagnosis and treatment of sap was introduced .
to summarize the clinical characteristics of severe acute pancreatitis ( sap ) for perfect management countermeasures .
analysis of the clinical data of 64 patients with sap was made retrospectively .
organ failure was found in all died patients ; 66.7 % of patients died of mof ; 70.1 % of died patients were aged patients .
to investigate the optimal treatment for severe acute pancreatitis ( sap ) .
a retrospective study was made on the clinical data of 88 patients with sap .
to expore the proper treatment of severe acute pancreatitis ( sap ) .
the effect of 107 patients with sap treated by non-operation or operation was retrospectively analysed .
results 98 ( 91.6 % ) out of 107 cases were cured and 9 ( 8.4 % ) died .
34 cases were treated by early operations , 4 died of postoperative complications .
to study the timing and procedure of operation for severe acute pancreatitis ( sap ) .
the clinical data of 78 cases of sap was analysed retrospectively .
the operation consisted of cholecystectomy , choledochostomy , jejunostomy and great omentum resection ;
the pancreas was not operated . all of the patients survived .
( 2 ) no-operation group : 11 patients without any liquid in abdomen were treated with non-operation treatment . all of the 11 patients survived .
the surgical treatment should be performed on the sap patient with abdominal blood liquid , but the pancreas should not be operated to keep the integrity of pancreas .
to investigate the effects of early operation and continuous irrigation of peritoneal cavity for severe acute pancreatitis ( sap ) .
retrospective analysis was made on the clinical features , operative procedures , method of peritoneal cavity irrigation , and therapeutic effect in 55 patients with sap .
the average time stayed in hospital of these patients was 39d 8d .
early operation and coninuous irrigation of peritoneal cavity may decrease the mortality , shorten the course and increase the therapeutic effect of sap .
to evaluate the optimal timing of operation for severe gallstone pancreatitis ( sgp ) .
the operation timing , morbidity and mortality of 67 cases of sgp were retrospectively analysed .
to study the relationship between anomalous junction of pancreaticobiliary duct ( ajpbd ) and pancreatitis .
the data of cholangiography , pancreatic histology and ultrastructure examination , serum and bile amylase measurement were analysed retrospectively .
microscopically , there were cells infiltration and / or fibrosis in the pancreas . electromicroscopic examination showed various degrees of ultrastructural pathological changes .
the serum and bile amylase levels and incidence of pancreatitis in the ajpbd patients were higher than those in control group ( p < 0.05 ) .
ajpbd are closely associated with pancreatitis .
the pancreatitis caused by ajpbd evolves slowly .
to evaluate the alternation of plasma braingut-peptide in the occurrence of biliary pancreatitis induced by pancreatic bile duct ligation ( pbdl ) in rats .
( 2 ) control group ( b group ) : a sham operation was performed only .
the contents of plasma anylase were increased at 3h , 6h , 24h after the operation .
to evaluate the protective effect of epidermal growth factor ( egf ) on intestinal barrier in rats with acute pancreatitis ( ap ) .
( 2 ) treatment group ( n = 16 ) with tpn and egf ( hppodermatic injection ) .
egf may have pretective effect on intestinal barrier in rats with ap under tpn treatment .
to study the hemorrheologic alternation in acute necrotizing pancreatitis ( anp ) and its effect in deterioating of anp .
blood samples were obtained from anp rats for hemorrheologic examination and erythrocyte osmotic fragility test . pancreatic tissue was obtained for pathological study .
in anp rats , hemorrheology is altered significantly , which may be one of the important factors in deterioraton the disease .
to study the protective effect of radix angelicae sinensis on renal damage in acute hemorrhagic necrotizing pancreatits ( ahnp ) rats .
methods 45 sd rats were randomly divided into 4 groups : 1 normal control group ( nc group , n = 10 ) ;
2 anp group ( n = 10 ) ;
3 normal saline treatment control group ( anp + ns group , n = 10 ) ;
4 lidocaine and anisodamine treatment group ( anp + la group , n = 15 ) .
serum amylase , pla2 , endotoxin were examined , and pathology of related organs as well as observed .
pathological damage of multiple organs in anp + la group was significantly milder than those in anp group and anp + ns group .
to explore the effect of low molecular weight heparin ( lmwh ) for acute hemorrhagic necrotizing pancreatitis ( ahnp ) .
the sr in tg was obviorsly higher than those in cg ( p < 0.01 ) ;
serum levels of tnf , ams , txb2 , no , sod and mda in tg were obviously lower than those in cg ( p < 0.01 ) .
to investigate the expression and clinical significance of ck20 mrna in peripheral blood of colorectal cancer patients .
ck20 mrna expression showed in 20 colorectal carcinoma tissues , but none in 20 normal persons ' blood samples .
using ck20 mrna as a target gene to examine the present of colorectal cancer cell in peripheral blood has sensitivity and specificity .
to introduce the present state of vascular gene treatment of ischemic limb .
this paper was made on the literature review .
further studies regarding gene transfer techniques , vectors and safety of the procedures are needed before a full therapeutic potential of gene therapy in vascular diseases .
to investigate the molecular mechanism of recombinant growth hormone ( rgh ) in improving the postoperative fatigue syndrome ( pof ) and affecting liver regeneration after hepatectomy .
postoperative low expression of ghr mrna may be one of the reasons which lead to pof ;
rgh can enhance postoperative expression of liver ghr mr-na and liver regeneration .
to investigate the value of genetic diagnosis of familial adenomatous polyposis ( fap ) .
to scrutinize the effect of p53 expression in the evaluation of prognosis of breast cancer ( bc ) .
results 22 of 73 patients ( 30.1 % ) with bc had positive expression of p53 protein .
there were no relationship between positive expression of p53 protein with tumor type , metastasis of lymph nodes , recurrence and survival rate in this series .
p53 abnormal expression has no relation to the prognosis of bc.p53 protein expression may be an early manifestation of bc .
to study the effective diagnosis and treatment of pancreatic pseudocyst ( ppc ) .
the clinical data of 105 patients with ppc were retrospectively analysed .
percutaneous tube drainage was performed on 20 patients and recurrence of cyst was found in 5 cases .
surgical procedures were carried out on 53 patients , 30 by roux-en-y cystoenterostomy with 3 recurrence of cyst on follow-up ;
9 by cystogastrostomy , two had postoperative gastirc bleeding and one of the two patients died ;
8 by external drainage , 1 patient died of infection , two had pancreatic fistula , and two had recurrence of cyst ;
6 by partial pancreatectomy with 2 pancreatic leakage postoperatively .
surgical or nonsurgical therapy should be selected on the state of the trauma .
the selected operative procedure should depend on the state of the spleen trauma and the patients ' healthy .
to study the diagnosis and treatment of duodenal rupture in severe multiple injuries .
the clinical data of 26 patients with duodenal rupture in severe multiple injuries were retrospectively analysed .
of the 26 cases , 21 patients were diagnosed and 5 patients maldiagnosed preoperatively .
seven patients ( 26.9 % ) died while nineteen ( 73.9 % ) were cured in this series .
correct treatment and appropriate operation are essential for duodenal rupture in severe multiple injuries .
to improve the accuracy of early diagnosis and choose suitable management for duodenal injury .
clinical data of 40 patients with duodenal injury treated from january , 1990 to december , 1999 were studied retrospectively .
of the 40 patients , 32 ( 80 % ) had multiple injuries .
the causes of injury were mainly crush and hit , accounting for 82.5 % of all .
the main complications were duodenal fistula and intra-abdominal abscess .
early diagnosis and treatment in time for duodenal injury are very important .
the primary repair and roux-en-y duodenojejunostomy and cogbill 's or modified cogbill 's techniques for duodenal diverticularizations are practical in the operation management .
to study the choice of operation for colon injury .
retrospective analysis was made on the clinical data of 78 patients with colon injury treated by surgery .
of the 78 patients , 7 patients had colon injury only , 71 had combined injuries .
in 63 patients ( 80.7 % ) treated by one-stage operation , postoperative intestinal fistula ( if ) occurred in 1 patient ;
62 patients were curred while 1 died . in 15 patients ( 19.3 % ) treated by two-stage operation , postoperative if occurred in 1 patient ;
to summarrize the experience in diagnosis of traumatic diaphragmatic hernia and investigate a method for improving the early diagnostic rate .
the clinical data of forty-four cases of traumatic diaphragmatic hernia were restropectively analysed .
results 16 cases ( 36.36 % ) were preoperatively diagnosed , 28 cases ( 63.64 % ) maldiagnosed , including 4 cases of maldiagnosis during explore laporatomy .
32 cases ( 72.73 % ) were cured and 12 ( 27.27 % ) died .
conclutions traumatic diaphragmatic hernia is easy to be misdiagnosed preoperatively . the causes of misdiagnosis including : ( 1 ) lack of the knowledge of the disease ;
( 2 ) lack of special symptoms of the disease .
so increasing knowledge and dynamic observation of the disease as well as an analysis of its clinical manifestation dialectically are important for improving the early diagnosis .
b ultrasonography , artificial pneumoperitoneum examination and thoracoscopy are benefitial to help correct diagnosis .
to explore an effective way for diagnosis and nonoperative therapy of blunt abdominal injury ( bai ) .
selective arteriography ( sag ) and selective artery embolism ( sae ) were applied in 51 cases of bai .
sag is valiable for diagnosis of bai , especially for those unable to be diagnosed with other examinations .
to study the alternative relationship between systemic oxygen delivery ( do2 ) and oxygen consumption ( vo2 ) in rats with hemorrhagic shock .
the existence of vo2 depending on do2 indicates that body tissue is in hypoxia .
the rats were randomly divided into 4 groups : ( 1 ) sham operation group ( so group ) ;
( 2 ) bile duct ligation group ( bdl group ) ;
( 3 ) bdl plus stress group ( bs group ) ;
( 4 ) bs plus anti-et-1 serum treatment group ( bas group ) , and the plasma endothelin-1 ( et-1 ) was measured by radioemmunoassay .
but pancreatic edema was mild and no pancreatic inflammation in group c.
the regurgitation flow of bile to pancreatic duct is not a key factor in inducing acute pancreatitis .
to assess the relationship of adhesion molecule expression with the biological behavior of primary hepatocellular carcinoma ( hcc ) .
in non-tumor hepatocytes , positive expression of e-cadherin was found , but cd54 and cd44 staining were negative .
cd54 and cd44 expression revealed no obvious relation with differertiation of tumor ( p > 0.05 ) , but had relation with metastasis ( p < 0.05 ) .
e-cadherin expression was strongly correlated with both tumor differentiation and metastasis ( p < 0.05 ) .
pcna proliferation index was correlated to e-cadherin expression , but revealed no correlation to cd54 and cd44 expression .
adhesion molecules cd54 , cd44 and e-cadherin can be used as indices for evaluation of the biological behavior of hcc .
to improve the operative techniques of piggy-back orthotopic liver transplantation ( pbolt ) for assistance of the clinical application .
the average anhepatic period was 34min 12min , the average operative times was 7h 1h .
improving the operation techniques and reducing portal vein congestion are the key points for a successful pbolt .
to evaluate the clinical effects of graft bypass in arterial revascularization for severe ischemia of lower extremities ( ile ) .
the clinical data of 24 patients with severe ile underwent arterial bypass using artificial vascular graft were studied retrospectively .
there were 17 men and 7 women ranging in age from 25 to 82 ( 58.6 15.1 ) years old in this series .
to investigate the effect of embolectomy in middle stage of acute arterial obstruction ( aao ) of lower extremities .
of 24 patients , 2 died and 22 survived after operation .
of the 22 survivors ( 24 limbs ) , the embolectomy succeeded in saving limb in 16 limbs without gangrenc before the operation ;
to investigate the risk factors and preventive steps for severe acute pancreatitis ( sap ) accompanied with myocardial injury .
clinical data of 38 cases of sap monitored by intensive care unit ( icu ) were analysed .
the risk factors for sap with myocardial injury may be related to the severity of the disease , primary cardiovascular diseases and anoxia .
therefore , it is the main point to maintain the balance of oxygen supply and oxygen consumption in order to reduce the incidence of myocardial injury .
bataine , imidazolium and lecithin surfactant do not possess the above property .
selection of matched special dyes and careful operation in dyeing are the keys to produce high-grade blue fox fur , and the cost of dyeing is decreased .
the technology of producing waterproof and oil repellent cattlehide nubuck garment leather was introduced .
this paper introduces the structure and principle of a kind of fur punch .
the key points about the glazed goatskin shoe upper leather technology were introduced .
the test of sludge-brick was carried , and the various affect factors were discussed .
a new amino-resin tanning agent had been synthesized and the influence fators had been discussed .
the new technology about pigskin enzyme unhairing was introduced , and its ' effects on environmental protection were discussed also .
the key techniques of cattle nubuck sofa leather processing were discussed .
it included gentle and uniform liming and bating ;
retanning with many kinds of retanning agents ;
reasonable technology and practical processing route etc.
the problems of fat wrinkles in area of neck and belly on cattlehide can be solved fairly well .
the chemical structure was characterized via ir , 1hnmr methods .
the results indicated that handled leather was soft , full , smooth , hydrophobic and possess better physical-mechanical property .
the bigger the amino-value and viscosity of aminopolysiloxane , the better the properties of the handled leather .
chromium and aluminum tanning solution were analyzed in this paper .
concentration of al3 + , cr3 + in tanning solution was determined .
precision , linearship , detection limit were discussed too .
loose grain , defected grain , ... such common defects on leather were described and their relative resolution methods were also given .
the swelling formula of skin collagen is deduced according to the donnan equilibrium theory .
the molecular structure of the product is characterized with infrared spectrum , mass spectrum and 1 h nuclear magnetism resonance spectrum .
xili dyestuffs are a sort of new environment friendly chemicals developed for fur dyeing specially .
china is a country with a vast territory , its climate and geographical features are various , and the variety of animals is also different .
the current situation of pollution in leather industry and its control was introduced .
the thinking and measures of the pollution control were proposed to promote sustained development of leather industry .
the factors affecting stability of the emulsion were discussed .
the leather coating finish prepared with the emulsion was used in all types of leather coating , with satisfactory results .
the factors affecting stability of pu-d series polyurthane emulsion were discussed in terms of emulsion reaction , physical and chemical properties , and application effect .
and addition of light stabilizer could prolong storage period of the emulsion .
the structure of the leather coating finish was characterized by ir , and its application performances were examined .
the control principle and structure of computerized spraying machine used in leather industry were introduced .
the reasons causing excess cr ( vi ) content in leather were analyzed .
the mechanical compressibility of soaked skin and limed skin accorded with mathematical model of compression index in manufacture of goatskin and sheepskin garment leather was discussed .
compressin indexes ( kc ) of all semi-finished products in mainprocesses were determined .
the results showed that variation regulatiry of kc was accordance with the results obtained by hand evaluation method .
kc of limed skin was related with treating conditions . kc can be used to examine and control quality and processing degree of semi-finished products .
this paper describes the development , the work principle and the application in leather industry of gel electrophoresis technique .
the major problems of population , resources , ecological environment and rural economic development in the west facing the development the western china were analyzed .
the way of agricultural modernization with chinese characteristics is put forward .
the developmental process of industrialization of the wen 's group is described .
the beneficial mechanism of " enterprise + peasant household "
the quintessence and significance of the wen 's agricultural industrialization model is summarized at last .
on the basis of the above , the guidelines , goal and strategy in sustainable and high-efficient utilization of agricultural resources were put forward .
comprehensive harnessing of salinized soil and prevention of soil salinization are very important to the agro-ecoenvironment prevention and food supply security in the future .
the second is to execute management according to law in implementation of the regulations ;
the third is to intensify management and the last is to strengthen the leadership .
finally , the measures to harness the loess plateau , west china 's grassland , desert area and karst area of the southwest china are suggested .
china has become relatively excess from scarcity in farm products , so the agricultural development is restricted by the demand .
what should farmers produce ?
four types basic area in the world and china are classified in qualitative , quantitative , and localized way according to the essential factors of resources and economy .
suggestions concerning west china 's fresh water resources and farmland basic construction are put forward .
this paper discussed the relations between the network and agricultural development in west china , and the present situation and problems in development of agricultural information network .
the higher the altitude above sea level is , the longer the duration is .
however , there will be a uncertainty of changes of cropping systems due to the adverse impact of moisture changes of climate in the future .
this method has a certain practicality and objectivity .
the microclimate of mixed pig house for raising sows , fatten pigs and farrows in double-plastic-greenhouse in the middle of hebei province was observed in winter .
poly-crossing by flies and population size 50 ~ 100 were suitable for common buckwheat .
genetic similarities among the 21 lines ranged from 0.480 between the combination of ca156 vs. ye478 to 0.768 between zhongzi451 vs. k12 .
the cluster analysis showed that the inbred lines could be classified into two distinct clusters with several subclusters ,
which corresponded to the heterotic groups determined by their pedigree analysis .
consequently , ssr markers could be used for measuring genetic variation and assigning maize inbred lines to heterotic groups .
the results showed that ac is a typical endosperm qualitative-quantitative trait controlled by a major gene as well as polygenes .
genetic variation caused by polygenes is about from one quarter to one half of the genetic variation of the major gene in different crosses .
d-rs had smaller yield reduction than m-rs under heavy water stress .
the results suggest that d-rs have the ability to adapt to lower soil moisture in paddy field .
this may be one of reasons causing water environment problem in these area . this is also an indication of unreasonable use of n fertilizers .
phosphorus balance in these provinces also showed a surplus that exceed the need for crops . this already resulted in accumulation of pin soils in some regions .
potassium balance in china is generally in deficit but in three of the six provinces in southern china it was in surplus .
the potassium balance in the other three provinces was in deficit . but these deficit has the tendency to improve in the recent decade .
application of organic materials reduced the oxidation stability of soil organic matter as compared with no fertilization .
the opposite was true to the treatments of chemical fertilizer or fallow .
after 21 years , the soil humic acid energy state was lower than that after 10 years .
e2 reached its peak at breeding day . lh and p4 reached their peaks at 15th day of pregnancy .
compared with other sla typed sows , type-d had higher e2 and p4 levels at breeding day ,
higher p4 levels were also found during early pregnancy , which favored the oestrus , breeding and pregnancy of sows .
fourteen traits of 104 flue-cured tobacco cultivars from china and abroad were analysed using cluster analysis method .
group ii consists of 13 low nicotine and multi-leaf cultivars .
group iii consists of 13 low sugar and high protein cultivars .
group iv consists of 4 subgroups , 39 poor cultivars with high g : a ratio .
all the above were the work base and could provide some theoretical basis for the further work of the construction of mango genetic map using this f1 population .
the variation of the fruit development between empty-shell chestnut and normal chestnut resulted from the variation of their endogenous hormone contents and balances .
the study showed that hormone balance was quite important for fruit development .
in the three types of wheat grain , potassium had the largest effect on small grain type wen2540 .
the results indicate that valorimeter value ( vv ) in farinogramme is the most ideal quality indicator for further wheat processing .
the study proves that the middle yellow river valley is one of the taming and disseminating centers of domestic goat in the south and east of central asia .
the populations in the lower yellow river valley and those in the middle valley , however , are relatively remote in their phylogenetic relationship .
maxie a , congguang 41a and zhenshan 97a were crossed with 13 rice varieties or strains . their genetic behaviors were compared .
congguang 41b and miyang 23 possess one pair of restorer genes , while minghui 63 have two pairs of restorer genes .
with the application of the multiply regression , the free-wilson pattern was established by the dummy ( indicator ) variable of the structural fragments or substituents .
he results showed : ( 1 ) the diketone moiety was the fundamental role in the activities , ortho-quinones was higher active than para-quinones .
( 2 ) the single bond existed between the c15 and c16 at d-ring led to higher activity .
( 3 ) the saturation at the a-ring led to higher activity .
( 4 ) the components adjacent to nitrogen substituents at c15 led to higher activity .
( 5 ) the hydroxylation or dehydrogenation at a-ring led to less activity .
with the effect of some factors such as rainfall n-fertilizer use efficiency ( nue ) was 6.4 % ~ 58.6 % in experimental years .
applying manure fertilizer or npm , increasing legume crops in rotation were effective ways to improve nitrogen level in soil .
a chinese patent-equipment and technique for ramie degumming by microorganism is applied in some textile mills at industrial conditions .
comparison and analysis were made on the nucleotide sequence and the amino acid sequence of five prevalent virulent strains of hcv was deduced .
the nucleotide homology of c-srtain virus from cells cultured and five prevalent virulent strains of hcv was 83 % to 84 % .
the amino acid homology was from 89 % to 91 % .
it is identified that nitric oxide ( no ) , a labile and highly reactive radical , can be synthesized in most part of animal body .
no has been shown to have diverse effects in vivo .
the rice variety , lijiangxintuanheigu ( lth ) , is a universally susceptible variety .
( 2 ) the differentiating ability of chinese nils to philippine isolates was higher than that of kdv .
( 3 ) chinese nils had similar ability to differentiate races to irri 's nils or higher differentiating ability than them .
data of crop germplasm database system were analyzed to determine the genetic diversity of landrace and bred varieties of wheat in china .
the diversity of bred varieties is slightly less than that of landrace varieties in general , but the direction of the genetic variation has a great difference .
a new precision index of regional crop trial was developed and discussed as well .
its complete nucleotide sequence has been determined by means of sanger 's dideoxy-mediated chain-termination method .
the result shows that bydv gav rtp gene has 1377nt .
bt protoxin >
bt transgenic cotton .
the same results were obtained in the test with fresh cotton leaves collected from field .
when fed with fresh leaves of bt transgenic cotton , the mortality of the larvae from the population already resistant to bt transgenic cotton decreased significantly .
seven years field experiments on application of corn stover and / or cattle manure combined with chemical fertilizers were carried out in shouyang dryland farming experimental station .
showed that the increased available n in tilth layer was mainly influenced by the application of cattle manure ;
available p content in tilth layer was mainly influenced by chemical fertilizer ;
available kin tilth layer was mainly influenced by the incorporation of corn stover .
the organic matter content in the soils treated with corn stover or cattle manure were kept in balance under the experimental conditions .
corn yield and water use efficiency were influenced significantly not only by fertilizer n but also by incorporated corn stover .
the evapotranspiration increased as the crop grew in the field . the net radiation was heat-driving factor controlling the field evapotranspiration .
the suitable amendment rate for coal fly ash and phosphate rock should be 25 % and 20 % respectively .
egg yolk dha level reached constant after 14 days of treatment , more days were needed under higher levels of oil supplementation .
while all essential amino acids digestibilities with caecum cockerels were higher significantly than that with caecectomized cockerel for rapeseed meal .
this paper reported a modified method of synthesis total cdna using pcr technique .
the results shewed that the high qualifized total cnda was synthesized by this modified method .
three groups isolated from medicago sativa , melilotus spp . , caragana spp . were ascertained by the numerical taxonomy .
all these results indicate that three groups are the new dna homologous groups and different from known rhizobium species .
pz1inhibited the combination of viral rna with plant ribosome both in vitro and in vivo .
it also inhibited the synthesis of tmv-rna and tmv protein in vivo .
the results assumed that the main target of pz1 was tmv-rna .
the physiological state of plantlets grown in vitro influenced the level and uniformity of symptoms .
while the embryo growth was observed and for seed germinating rate was analyzed at 20c by the filter paper method .
companied with germinate , the soluble sugar content was gradually decreased , and lipid content changed slightly at the same time .
whereas cumulus mass complete expansion is not necessary for maturation of oocyte in vivo.ansion .
the results indicated that both late sowing
and heat treatment with plastic shelter could simulate ideal heat stress conditions .
in different heat stress treatments , yields and their constituents are significantly reduced , while the rils are significantly different in response to heat stress .
the result showed that significant differences were detected damong genotypes , gca , sca , g e for grain yield .
2all hmw-gs can be transmitted to the hybrid f1 as dominance from both parents and a significant effect of female parents was observed in reciprocal f1 hybrids ;
3the genes which control hmw-gs were inherited based on mendel 's laws of gene independent assortment and free combination .
nearly 90 % of exported 14c assimilates from flag leaf labeled at flowering stage was transported to stem and glum , and then reallocated to grain before maturity .
70 % of total 14c-assimilates in flag leaf were exported to grain and grain was the predominant sink at filling stage .
on the contrary , the amount of 14c-assimilates in the flag leaf of laizhou 953 increased with increasing n application but not for lumai-14 .
it has been suggested that the genotypical difference of 14c assimilation and its regulation should be considered in the practice of wheat management .
the difference in nitrogen efficiency was studied for three winter wheat varieties and three summer corn varieties in field experiment .
the results indicated that among three winter wheat varieties , 93132 had higher basic yield and nongda 95 was more sensitive to nitrogen fertilizer ;
and for three summer corn varieties , xiyu 3 had higher basic yield and better response to nitrogen fertilizer .
total number of records was 9 898 . analytical model included sex as fixed effect and additive genetic random effects .
the priors were influential because of the relatively small data size .
this may indicate that the lower digestive tract has compensated for the influence of corn oil .
choles terone levels were increased by dxm after 28 h administration .
serum total protein , albumin and asparatate aminotransferase ( ast ) activity remained unchanged .
hematological variables ( rbc , pcv , hb ) in low temperature group were significantly increased compared with control group .
after one month of storage , level of sugar and titrated acid and the ratio of sugar to titrated acid of transgenic tomato declined greatly .
furthermore , transgenic tomato fruit treated by ethylene failed to show any increase of pg activity .
for ga3 treatment , exogenous ga3 was injected into the exoplast space of developing cot yledons .
however , the increase of exogenous ga3 from 1 10-5mol . l-1 to 1 10-4mol .
l-1 resulted in the decrease of aba content and consequent decrease of sugar and protein contents .
the correlation between glutenin subunits and bread-making quality of common wheat was studied in this paper .
the parameters of rva from wheat ( triticum aestivum ) flour and their relation to noodle quality of 41 varieties were studied .
the linear regression equation for noodle score based on peak viscosity were established .
the issues such as predicting indexes for noodle quality in wheat varieties were discussed .
the results offered the theoretical basis for the noodle quality selection according to peak viscosity in the early generations of wheat breeding .
the ancient rice were distinguished well by using the formulas .
the xenia effect value of oil content was estimated to be 0.35 .
the purple plant marker ( abpl ) was not significantly affected by modifier gene .
the european cucumber varieties are superior in tolerance to low light intensity to asian cucumber .
the pollen morphology of 25 species and t he leaf epidermis morphology of 26 species in genus viola in north china we re observed .
the results showed that pollen wall of the genus is smooth .
there a re 3 or 4 germinal grooves on the pollen of the genus except v. tricolor ( 5 grooves ) .
the leaf epidermis morphology of the genus is diversified , so these characters is of considerable taxonomic significance .
aflp ( amplified fragment length polymorphism ) analysis system was established with 12 apple rootstock genotypes ( malus ) .
the factors which affect aflp analysis were discussed .
however , the effects of both sa and 6-ba on increasing fruit set was observed only on spur with over 7 leaves .
the results showed t hat the increase of pod activity was earlier and higher in susceptible varieties than in resistant ones .
some proposals are also put forward for protecting the agricultural products of our country and adjusting the tariff policies .
the results showed that the motion of the exciter includes the chaotic component .
after comparision study , it has been shown that this evaluation method is effective and accurate .
the way to choose the best quantum of water sprinkling , the disposition of the water tank , the diameter of water pipe is studied and determined .
the experiment results indicated that this machine has some advantages such as high working reliability and simple structure .
the results indicate that the machinery can implement the destined functions , the seedling has good growth after transplanted .
the software of this system for windows is developed by means of bc + + .
in the hydraulic system simulation package , these methods were applied and the effect was satisfied .
the software not only has the functions of the multimedia and interactive mode , but also has the function of the internet .
the results of the experiment showed that the machine vision system is effective for different sun shining weed images . most of the results are satisfied .
nd 50 g.ml-1 has been done in protected fields . it showed that bth had a better effect of controling two diseases .
apoptosis of the chicken embroy bursal cells ( ceb ) infected with variant serotype-1 isolate e of infectious bursal disease virus ( ibdv ) was studied .
the results revealed that the target cells infected artificially with ibdv were induced to display apoptosis .
field experiment has been conducted to illuminate nitrogen absorbtion and utilization in winter wheat under water-saving .
the results indicated that in normal light treatment all cucumber cultivars ' chlorophyll fluorescence yield decreased , however , in poor light treatment they increased .
the photosynthetic rate in poor light condition was lower than in normal light , condition and nenerse is true during recovery .
there are signifsiant difference between the cultivars for those characters .
variances explained by the qtl were 16.6 % , 13.2 % , 17.1 % , 13.2 % , 14.6 % respectively .
the positive allele detected was from asominori .
it was showed that there was not significant correlation between content of amylose and indica-japonica differentiation .
distribution of the three bacterial groups in the cecum mucus was : protelytic > amylolytic > cellulolytic ( p < 0.01 ) .
the amylolytic bacteria in the mucus layers of colon and rectum were the principal groups .
our results suggested that bacteria distributed along the various segments of swine gastrointestinal tract and the distribution was characterized with the compartment in solid and liquid phases .
five hundred and seventy-six beijing-brown-layers were used in a 17-week experiment to determine digestible lysine requirement and the influence of the dietary me level on this requirement .
wid-ening the channels of attracting investment , deepening the re-form of water-supply system , strengthening the management ofwater-supply enterprises , developing activities of water-supplyassociation actively and etc.
at last , a prospect on water-supplydevelopment in fujian province is given .
mini-laparoscopic varicocele ligation is feasible and minimally invasive . its procedure can be performed in outpatients and it 's an effective and simple treatment for varicocele .
to study the efficacy and safety of sedation and analgesia for gastroscopy with fentanyl and propofol or fentanyl and midazolam .
to discuss the efficacy of endoscopic water balloon dilation in treatment of esophageal stricture .
a total of 58 cases with esophagus stricture were treated with electronic gastroscopy and cre water balloon catheter dilator .
after endoscopy therapy the calibres of the stenotic orifice was dilated from 0.2 ~ 0.5cm to 1.0 ~ 1.5cm .
2/181 cases developed cervix and chest emphysema , they were cured by couservation treatment .
in order to prevent and reduce bleeding of exthpate polypus of alimentary canal , we try to adopt a new method .
single nylon snares ' ligation or high frequency electrocoagulation after nylon snares ' ligation with endoscopy was treated with polypus of alimentary canal .
to study the value of arthroscopic fibroathrolysis in the treatment of postoperative fibroathrosis of the knee .
through the in-situ debuging for this device , it is verified that the device is strong in functions , higher in reliability and lower in cost .
he design ofwell-tube , the working principle of well-formation with water jettingmethod , the well-rig for constrnction and well-formation method etc. , are described systematically .
he fresh water resources in short supply , is a main fac- tor which puzzled island residents ' production and life all along .
through comparasion test , we decided to ad-here a rubber disc on the valve as a elestic buffer and ob-tained good effect in several pumping stations .
deternsning contents of immunoglobulin and alexin in milk by agar immunodiffusion technique .
to evaluate the validity of transurethral electrovaporization-resection of benign prostatic hyperplasia ( bph ) .
560 cases of large volume benign prostatic hyperplasia were transurethral resected with eletrovapor shovel tome .
the mean weight of the prostate was 72 grams .
the mean operative time was 40 min , and the mean blood loss 40ml .
the mean catheterization time was 48 hand the mean postoperative hospital stay was 4.0 days .
this study was aimed at asses the value of miniature probe scanner ( mps ) in the diagnosis of esophageal carcinoma .
conventional treatment of occlusive hydrocephalus is v-p shunt , but it has many complications .
the operative results were excellence in 18 cases . 3 cases have additional shunt . no severe complication .
the advantage of etv were as following : 1 .
minimally invasive approach . 2 . it 's safe and direct control .
3 . csf go through stoma into normal circulation .
4 . avoid complications of shunt .
5 . can be performed in some cases that were contradiction to shunt .
to evaluate the feasibility of video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery ( vats ) in the management of chest diseases .
the 28 cases of vats were performed .
the operative time is shorter , the operation is safe and reliable so that the complications are fewer and the patients resume quickly after operation .
vats is effective for some selected chest diseases .
caga , picb gene expression was examined in 82 helicobacter pylori clinical isolates by pcr-amplication , il-8 expression in antrum mucosa was examined by elisa method .
to discuss the diagnosis and treatment of the acute medial collateral ligament injury of the knee undergone arthroscope .
others were performed synosteotomy after the arthroscopic examination to dispose the anterior / posterior cruciate ligament , meanwhile repairing the medial collateral ligament .
the endoscopic sphincterotomy ( est ) is a general cured method of common bile duct stone and bellyworm impacted .
the bleeding in 9 of the 15 patients was stopped by emergency hemostatic measures . 5 died and 1 left the hospital without notifying the hospital .
furthermore , it is also related to the overall health of patients .
for the prevention of the re-bleeding , some advice are put forward in this paper .
to explore the effect of preserving and resuming physiological function of middle turbinate for sinus operation after removing pathological changes of middle turbinate .
21 cases were operated in endoscopy , in which 19 cases were cured and 2 cases were recure .
opportunity and challenge for china molybdenum industry after acceding to the wto were stated . and the counter measures were pointed out also .
rosources , uses and market situation of rhenium were related .
on the basis of comprehensive control of north slope in jinduicheng open-pit mine , some technical measures and results were analysed and summarized .
the relation of molybdenum calcine grade and aluminium consumption was analysed . it was pointed that the main factor influencing aluminium consumption was molybdenum calcine grade .
practice proved that equipment property was excellent , technological layout and arrangement was rational and economic benefit was remarkable .
besides , in order to meet the need of mechanized regent feeding in mines , the technical research on presplit blasting of emulsified explosives was suggested .
the property , preparation , application of electrochromic molybdenum trioxide films were recounted .
in the condition of industrial production , orthogonal test and slab rolling comparison test were had by adding different rare earth element and alloying element .
there are two ways of producing molybdenum wires , rolling-drawing and swaging-drawing .
this technology will help our country to improve the quality of molybdenum rods and wires to catch the international level .
retrospect of 1999 molybdenum market and outlook of 2000 molybdenum market were stated .
the new technology has achieved remarkable economic , social and environmental benefits .
an emulsion liquid membrane system has been used for separation enrichment of rhenium .
experimental results show that the efficiency of rhenium enrichment may arrive 99.5 % ~ 100.5 % , under an appropriate condition .
so reo-4 and k + can be separated from these ions satisfactorily .
the method has been for the enrichment determine of minute amounts of rhenium in molybdenum concentrates , complex ores and alloys , results are satisfactory .
the prospect of application for sodium molybdate , particularly the application in the corrosion inhibitor bleaching of chemical pulp and cleaning industry etc. were described briefly .
it has a definite value for raising the accuracy of triangulation in mountain area .
the production methods of ferrotungstem were related .
the general situation of study on smelting fe w80 on the basis of scheelite with aluminotheric method was presented .
the preparation and prospects of application for nanopartic mos2 were described briefly .
showed that the technology was stable and feasible , the quality of products came up to standard for reagent .
according to the dust pollution of open-pit mine , the measures of preventing the dust pollution were raised in order to clean environment in mining area .
the upward filling method with tailings or waste rock were used in a certain gold mine , roof caving and wall caving occured many times .
therefore , this paper proposes a creative idea-simulation operation of integral procedure control and the layout design for integral procedure control simulator .
owing to the use of the vb programming language , the whole system 's graphical interface is vivid and attractive .
in addition , with its excellent pictures and texts and man-machine conversation mode , the system facilitates correction and is characterized by easy enquiry and high speed
high-power compressors , if speed-adjusting hydrauli ccoupling be applied , are considerably economical .
this paper analyzes the static and dynamic characteristics of the system , andpresents a closed loop control system in which compressor flow is regulated by a single-chip microprocessor .
the experiments illustrate the basic characteristics of pid regulator control system and the possibility of itsapplication .
our findings suggest that 2024 aluminum is plastically airworthy if the new aging technology is employed .
a case study is given to calculate maximal capacity per hour in an airport .
with the strengthening of civil aviation airport construction the adoption of the remote control by means of airport navigation station has been put on the agenda .
this paper studies the function and characteristics of radio remote control and an ideal model for realization of remote control on personal computers .
multiresolution analysis is an effective approach in signal processing , especially in image processing , to decompose signals in different resolutions .
on grounds of its theoretical analysis the paper attempts to apply the technique to image decomposition and coding , and concludes with a satisfying processing outcome .
this paper introduces a parallelization compiler , and in the course of its development control flow graph is visualized .
this paper introduces multiple solutions to maximal flows and , by adjusting circle , presents a simple approach to work out maximal flows at lowest cost .
three-way or four-way round pipe welding is a common technique in practice .
traditionally , manual cutting and welding is rough in workmanship and low in efficiency .
it will gradually give way to modern welding equipment , characterized by high efficiency , automation , and programmed control .
this paper provides calculating methods to accomplish automatic and program-controlled welding of all-shaped pipes in different connecting forms .
to clone murine interleukin -18 cdna and express it by transfe ction of murine fibroblast svt2 .
sequence analysis indicated that this cdna is 100 % homology tothe published mil- 18 cdna sepuence ,
we have cloned murine i l-18 cdna and exqressed it by murine fibroblast svt2 .
to explore the effects of ngf and bdnf on cerebellum after ischemia / reperfusion in senile wistar rats .
the isolating effects of algi nate-polylysine-alginate ( apa ) microcapsules to immune cells and cytokines were measured .
the methods of measuring the activities of nk cells and il-2 , tnf - were used to evaluate the isolating effects of apa microcapsules .
to construct human hepatoma-specific immunonanoparticles and observe in vitro binding and killing of target cells by the immunonanoparticles .
mcab hab18 was coupled to d haq-bsa-np .
the immunonanoparticles could bind specifically to human hepatoma smmc-7721 cells and exert selective killing effects on the target cells with do se-dependence .
conjugation technique via spdp i s a good method for constructing immunonanoparticles .
human hepatoma-specific- immunonano particles have capacity of in vitro selective coating and killing human hepatoma cell line .
mtt assay , rt-pcr , flow cytometry .
the multiple partialy replacement transfused hum an blood macaca monkey models were used . challenge was made after one month of immunization by vein .
these results preliminary indicate d that the monkey model immunized with recombinant vaccinia virus could resist the challenge of blood stage p.f .
study of the effect of anti-u1rnp / sm antibodies on apoptosis of human lymphocytes .
the correlation between the results of staining and those of facs analysis was compared .
there was an excellent correlation between wright-geamsa staining approach and facs analysis .
a typical " dna ladder " was observed by dna electrophoresis .
anti -u1rnp / sm antibodies can induce apoptosis in human lymphocytes .
to investigate the number of cec in peripheral blood of patients with systemic lupus erythe-matosus ( sle ) and its clinical significance .
the sample of blood from 45 cases opf sle and 30 healthy con-trois were measured by density gradient centrifugal assay .
increase of cec can be found in sle patients , and the measurement ofcec number is helpful to the judgement of activity condition of the patients with sle .
to contrast the difference between elisa and seroligical methods in the selection of panel reactive antibodies ( pra ) for those receiving kidney transplantation .
the testing results indicate that elisa method has a better prospect for the selection of pra in renal transplantation recipients .
to evaluate the changes of soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor ( stnfr ) in blood serum in thepatients of thoracic tumor .
stnfr levels were significantly higher in patients with thoracic tumor than those healthy controls and non- tumor patients .
conclusionexcluding auto-immune disease and infection , the testing and the analysis of stnfr level may be helpful to the diagnosis , selection and prognosis of tumor .
to study the clinical significance of the expression of p16 gene in biopsy sample from gastric cancer at gene level .
pcr-sscp silver staining method was applied to the test of the expression of p16 gene in biopsy samples .
cathepsin b expression in 54 specimens of human gastric adenocarcinoma was detected and studied by immunohistochemistry .
there was no obvious correlation between the expression of cathepsin band the prognostic indexes of gastric carcinoma such as tumor histologic types and tnm stages .
the expression of cathepsin bin human gastric adenocarcinoma shows an obvious increasing tendency .
to analyze the diagnostic value of laboratory data for patients of multiple sclerosis ( ms ) .
to investigate the correlation between fibrinogen level and the degree of coronary arterial stenosis .
the serum concentrations in a , b , c groups were ( 0.84 0.46 ) , ( 0.39 0.29 ) , ( 0.24 0.17 ) g/ml respectively .
there was significant difference in the serum concentration between the a , band c groups ( p < 0.05 ) .
the antiarrythmic effect did not relate with serum concentration .
six patients suffered adverse drug reactions in 59 patients .
amiodarone is an effective and safe drug with low dose in treating old-aged arrythmic patients .
aim : to study effects of interferon on pointed condyloma by local or systemic administration .
sixty patients were randomly devided into 2 groups , trial group ( 30 patients ) and control group ( 30 patients ) .
there were remarkable differences between trial group and control group in clinical efficiency and recurrence rate ( p < 0.01 ) .
it is an effective therapeutic method to inject interferon at bases after pointed condyloma has been resected by laser .
twelve male healthy volunteers were enrolled in the study .
at the h 5 after a single oral dose of caf 150 mg taken , urinary samples were collected .
the ratio of caf metabolism in smokers was significantly higher than in nonsmokers ( t = 2.48 , p < 0.05 ) .
cyp1a2 may be involved in the demethylation of clz in vivo .
close monitoring of clz plasma concentration is recommended in patients treated at same time with other drugs affecting cyp1a2 .
cef was stable after heated at 100c for 1 h.
the release of cef from 2.5 % cef-pmma beads sustained longer than that from 5 % beads , and sustained as long as 14 d in vivo .
cef-pmma beads , a new weapon , can be used clinically .
the whole blood concentrations of csa were measured by fpia , the fluidity of red cell membranes were measured by dph fluorescence polarization technique .
the motive change of the membrane lipid fluidity was negative related with the concentration of csa .
aim : to study the pharmacokinetics and relative bioavailability of phenoxymethylpenicillin potassium capsule compared to the tablet .
cytochrome p450 2d6 is a highly polymorphic enzyme in the human . it mainly metabolizes cardiovascular drugs and antipsychotic drugs .
the mutation of cyp 2d6 alleles leads to the variation of enzyme activities and levels , which accounts for the individualization of drug effects .
the further studies of cyp2d6 will aid in individualized therapy in clinical practice and reduce or avoid adverse drug reactions in chemotherapy .
this document describes the objectives , design , methodology , statistical considerations , and organization of a clinical trial for marketing applications .
these notes are intended to provide guidance for the evaluation of drugs in the treatment of hypertension .
plasma levels were determined by hplc-fluorescence .
314.9 67.1 and 345.8 127.9 m g. l-1.h for domestic and imported tablets , respectively .
the relative bioavailability of domestic tablets was 98.5 24.6 % .
the results of statistical analysis demonstrated that the two tablets were bioequivalent .
to investigate the pharmacokinetics and relative bioavailability of levofloxacin hydrochloride capsule .
patients were randomly divided into two groups . with seldinger technique , through the femoral atery to tumor atery .
partial remission ( pr ) in the group treated with nahco3 and anticarcinoma agents was significantly higher than in the group treated simply with anticarcinoma agents .
aterial infusion of nahco3 into malignant tumors can increase the efficacy of adm , mmc and 5_fu .
to observe the influence of cisplatin cream on the production of skin granular cells and the body weight of mice .
cisplatin cream promeotes the production of skin granular cells
group b ( induced abortion , n = 220 ) , taking the routine intrauterine operation by vacuum aspirator ;
some indices were compared , including the efficacy , vaginal bleeding volume and time , side effects and acceptability of the three abortion methods .
the abortion effects of group c and bare better than that of group a ( p < 0.01 ) .
the vaginal bleeding volume of group c is the least , then is the group b , and the last is group a ( p < 0.01 ) .
the vaginal bleeding time of group band c is apparently shorter than that of group a ( p < 0.01 ) .
the infection rate after abortion operation of group band c is lower , compared with group a ( p < 0.01 , p < 0.05 ) .
the acceptability rate of medical with induced abortion is higher than that of the other two groups ( p < 0.01 ) .
to study the mechanism of the anti_aging effect of total extract of astragalus ( tea ) in mice .
to develop an instrument for measuring stress in chinese adolescents .
the test-retest reliability was 0.79 and criterion-related validity was 0.54 .
the prediction validity of calech was better than that of coddington life event record ( cler ) when applied to chinese adolescents .
in addition , subjective weighting scoring produced higher predictive validity than objective weighting scoring .
the chinese adolescent life events checklist was demonstrated satisfactory reliability and validity when applied to chinese adolescents in china .
it is also one of the main reasons affecting the maintenance of soft rock roadway .
so , attention must be paid to some problems in determining the support 's working resistance for h hcr .
the result was tested and verified by measuring and analyzing the temperature of residual coal and the component of gas sample in goaf .
it was concluded that the high-voltage alternative electromagnetic field could improve lipoprotein metabolism and hemodynamics . the therapeutic and preventive effects are significant for cardiocerebrovascular diseases .
the results indicated that peak torque could represent both total work and average power during isokinetic concentric test .
with the increase off , amplitude was gradually decreased .
f was 4 to 6 . there was a significant difference in the tested data between the two groups ( p < 0.01 ) .
movement therapy in combination with acupuncture at the early stage of onset could highly alleviate secondary disorders .
ct or mri scans were necessary to diagnose the disease , especially in the togological localization , but limited to identify the quality of lesions .
a total of 23 patients with aphasia caused by acute cerebrovascular diseases were examined continuously for 8 weeks .
the results showed that the spontaneous recovery of the patients were excellent in the two weeks post-stroke and were slowness in the later 6 weeks post-stroke .
these changes revealed that the aphasia recovery is in the dynamic situation with the lapse of stroke time .
also this paper discusses how to conduct overbooking in china 's airlines and enhance their utilization efficiency of resources .
strengthening strategic control is a major technique to accomplish airlines ' strategic objectives .
with the quickening pace of chinese property rights legislation , it is becoming a vital issue to study priority thoroughly the traditionally mortgaged property .
we hope that the research in this field will propel the legislation of property rights and guide judicial practice .
this paper gives a brief introduction to the new development in the fly-by-wire system of the modern airliners in china 's civil aviation industry nowadays .
the paper also analyses the feasibility of the method . experiments have testified to its stability and easy realization .
those truncated s1 ( ts1 ) subunits were abundantly expressed by recombinant baculoviruses in insect cells ( expression levels ranged from 1.01 to 2.25 g/104 cells ) .
to study the relationship between cytokines , hpa axis and lateralization .
asdl could antagonize immunosuppressive response induced by chemical agents .
study of the role of accessory cells in the activation of t cells by nonpeptidic antigen monoethyl phosphate ( mep ) .
the continuous presence of il-2 was required for the proliferation of t cells in response to mep .
the supernatant of accessory cells had no obvious effect on the expansion of t cells stimulated with mep .
there are no il-2 hypersecretion in l7212 mice , the recipe of qing du yin can treat leukemia in clinic as biological response modulatlor
to clone human anti-keratin antibodies from semisynthetic phage antibody library .
dna fingerprinting of the 18 clones showed 4 different digestion patterns representing 4 different positive clones .
it is feasible to isolate human anti-keratin antibodies by-passing immunization using phage antibody library .
the fitc labeled tfar19 protein w used as probe to observe its localization within the hl-60 cells .
for the signal transduction study , a caspase-3 inhibitor devd-fmk was used to block the tfar19 effect .
fitc labeled tfar19 protein binds with hl-60 cells and mainly localized within the nucleus .
devd-fmk partly inhibits apoptosis-accelerating effect of the tfar19 protein .
tfar19 protein can directly enter hl-60 cells and exhibits an apoptosis-accelerating effect .
caspase-3 as an apoptosis effector may involve the effect of tfar19 .
it reported general immune function of 30 cases of non small cell lung cancer ( nsclc ) before and after undergoing radiotherapy .
general immune function was reduced after radiotherapy .
to study the correlation between the effects of oxygen free radicals ( ofr ) with t cell subsets on pathogenesis of hemorrhagic fever with syndrome ( hfrs ) .
serum levels of sod and mda.t cell subsets in 54 patients with hfrs were sequentially investigate and correlation .
these findings demonstrated that irregulating immunity of hfrs patients was correlation with ofr .
to investigate the role of serum vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ) in the pathogenesis of coronary heart disease ( chd ) .
serum vegf levels of 55 cases of chd and 34 cases of normal controls were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay ( elisa ) .
the results suggest that the serum vegf level might be a sensitive index to reflect myocardial ischemia .
adoptive therapy experiment in the tumor-bearing models was performed .
this is an effective method for obtaining human recombinant des ( 1-3 ) igf1 and it is very important for further study of des ( 1-3 ) igf1 .
to construct the human calmodulin ( cam ) iii cdna expression vector and express cam protein in e.coli . dh5 .
the study of solubility of expression protein indicated that cam was expressed predominantly in the soluble form .
western blot analyisis showed that anti-cam mcab specifically bound to the 17 kd band of expression product .
the expression of recombinant human cam may be useful for the study of biological functions of cam and the prduction of anti-rhcam monoclonal antibodies .
the mouse icam-1 ason was transducted into the mouse renal tubular epithelial cells with the presence of liposome dotap .
2the control oligodeoxynucleotide has no effect on the icam-1 expression of the epithelial cells .
to understand the mechanism of liver cirrhosis after the infection of hepatitis b virus .
the levels of mrna for timp1 and timp2 were increased significantly .
using goat-igg to human , , chain as capture antibodies and prime-specific pcr as a detecting method .
an immuno-capture pcr had been established to detect hbvdna / ig-tcic ( hbvdna/igm-tctc , hbvdna/igg-tcic , hbvdna / iga-tcic ) .
this method was specific , sensitive and reproducible , by which more patients with positive hbvdna could be found .
to develop the " glycophorin a ( gpa ) somatic cell mutation assay " .
monoclonal antibodies ( mcab ) were prepared by hybridoma technique .
to prepare immunoaffinity column for cell separation .
avidin was attached to bio-gel and columns packed with avidin-conjugated bio-gel was prepared .
cd8 + cells were enriched with a purity of 56 % ~ 71 % and a recovery of 39 % ~ 66 % ;
this study is aimed at exploring the effect of bazhen decoction on the bone marrow cells and related cytokines of mice exposed to 60co -ray .
studied the effects of flavonoids isolated from scutellaria baicalensis georgi on immunological cells .
when the parabiosis continued for 7 days , the parabiosised mice were separated and the level of transplantation tolerance was surveyed .
the seperated mice after treatment of parabiosis were in different state of tolerance .
taking standard cell lines provided by the xiith international hla workshop as reference , the authors established the pcr-ssp method for hla-b genotyping .
pcr-ssp was proven to be a practical genotyping method for b-locus because of its simplicity , rapidity , accuracy and unvariability with changes of health .
to investigate the effects of b7-1 costimulatory molecule alone , or combined with il-6 , in inducing t lymphocytes activation in vitro .
in order to get more insight into the gene rearrangement in acute non-lymphoblastic leukemia ( anll ) .
multiplex-pcr was used to detect igh and tcrv i-j gene rearrangement in 41 anll cases .
1igh or tcr gene rearrangement might not be limited to lymphoid leukemia , it might occured in some anll cases .
2multiplex-pcr can detect both igh and tcr gene rearrangemen in a single pcr amplification and is more suitable for clinical application .
the cell clones ex pressed mtnfm were selected and identified , and their cytotoxic effect analyzed subsequently .
this table m-tnf gene mutant clone can be suited for the research of bioactivity and gene therapy of m-tnf .
study the expression of the extracellular ligand binding region of receptor tyrosine kinases ephb2 .
high level expression of the target gene fragment was established for preparation antibodies , gaining insight into the mechanisms of ligand-receptor inter action and other further research .
to induce hcv specific humoral immune responses in mice using gene immunization with the core protein of hcv .
the thrombolytic activity was determined by lysis of 125i-fibrin-labelled human plasma clots .
sz51hu-scupa affinity was 67 % of the sz-51m an d the fibrinolytic activity was 39 000 u/mg .
the lysis of the clots by sz51hu-s c upa was 4.1 ~ 8.4 fold more potent than upa .
to study the influence of pka on the tumoricidal effect of transmembrane tumor necrosis factor- ( mtnf- ) and secretory tnf- ( stnf- ) .
the effect of pka activator and inhibitor on the both forms of tnf- was studied with tnf- bioassay .
pka m ay be involved in the cytotoxic effect of stnf- rather than that of mtnf- and may be associated with apoptosis induced by stnf- .
to map the susceptibility allele of i gg hypergammaglobulinemia in sle model- ( nzb nzw ) f1 mice .
susceptibility allele of igg hypergammaglobulinemia in ( nzb nzw ) f1 mice was fcgr2b gene derived nzb strain .
to investigate materno-fetal immunor egulation mechanism in human first trimester pregnancy .
the subsets of decidual lymphocytes and peripheral blood lymphocytes ( pbl ) were analyzed by facs test .
it is due to the interaction between trophocytes and cd56 + nk-cel ls in decidual that the materno-fetal immunotolerance is maintained .
to study the expression and its specification of the ku70 gene transferred into a human 's lung carcinoma cell line ( lca ) .
constructing recombinant sense or antisense ku70 expression vectors ( ku70 / pcaggs ) an d transferring into lca .
the sense ku70 gene would regulate to repair . the antisense ku70 gene increased the lca 's radiosensitivity dna .
they may offer a new molecular biology way to treat cancer .
2 patients were found the cancer recurrence in 12 patients of p53 protein abnormal expression .
to observe the effect of exogenous il-4 gene expression on cell death of k562 cells .
proliferation of high il-4-producing k562 clones was significantly lower than that of low il-4-producing clones , pa rental k562 cells and k562 cells co-cultured with recombinant il-4 .
to found a high sensitive and high specific radioimmunoassay method for interleukin 8 .
the high effect antibody was obtained by immunizing rabbits and guinea pigs with recombinant il-8 many times .
the level of il-8 in normal peoples was ( 0.35 0.01 ) ng / ml ( n = 64 ) .
to investigate the mechanism of signal transduction of il-12 on peripheral blood mononuclear cell ( pbmc ) in lupus nephritis ( ln ) .
to investigate the effect of il-12 on lymphopr oliferative response in individuals with chronic hepatitis c virus ( hcv ) infection .
cd44 , the receptor of hy dluronic acid with tnf , ln participatedin pothology to psoriasis .
research molecular biology character of chicken anemia virus .
vp2 gene was successfully expressed , the authors get t he fushion protein of 34 kd .
molecular biology character of chicken animia virus is stable .
the recombinant fusion protein was also found to be able to stimulate proliferation of nih3t3 cells .
recombinant human gst-endostatin fusion protein was expressed in the yeast in a high level an d showed mitogenic activity on murine fibroblasts .
to investigate the effect of 9.1c3 antibody on human killer cells .
cytotoxicity of effectors induced by cd16 was significantly inhibited by 9.1c3 antibody and the secrection of tnf- was also inhibited during the killing phase .
9.1c3 molecule is a kin d of killing cell inhibitory receptor .
the no synthesis from glomerular mc of rats can be facilitated by human complement c5b-9 complex stimulation .
immunohistochemistry showed that the use of t he jet-gun induced a significant higher expression in skeletal muscle cell than the use of syringe .
indirect elisa showed that the levels of anti-pres igg were in the following sequence from high to low : jet gun , intramuscular injection , and epidermal groups .
to construct a phage-displayed scfv antibody of 50a hybridoma anti-blood group a substance .
finally , the positive recombinant phages were sequenced and identified by immuno-blot assay .
a recombinant phage scfv library with titer of 4 109 pfu / ml was established .
the result of immuno-blot indicated that the phage-displayed 50a-scfv retained the affinity and specificity of the original intact antibody to blood group a substance .
to convert anti-hbsag human f ab derived from phage antibody library to whole human igg molecules expressed by eukaryotic cells .
dh f r/mtx system and metal ion induction were used to ampify igg production .
stable transfectant were obtained after selection and subcloning among which three produced human igg up to 1.0 g/106/24 h.
it is suggested that the elevation of p-sel reult from the activation or destroy of platelet and endothelia cell .
to observe rhd gene in chinese .
rhd gene among 32 cases of serological rhd positive and 44 cases serological rhd negative were tested by pcr-ssp .
rhd gene exons are morphisms in chinese .
the epitopes of ssb / la were existed on aa 1 ~ 28 , 80 ~ 107 , 108 ~ 188 , 283 ~ 338 .
the antigen-driving mechanism play an important role in the pathogenesis of autoimmune diseases .
to clone and identify bpi600 bp gene which encode rbpi23 .
1prospective amplified products-bpi600 bp gene was obtained by rt-pcr method .
2puc18-bpi180 , puc18-bpi420 cloning vector were successfully constructed , and the enzyme digestion analysis are identical with prospective results .
3sequences are identical with those of the report .
puc18-bpi180 , puc18-bpi420 cloning vector were successfully constructed , and bpi600 bp gene sequences are identical with those of the report .
the frequency which the t cell lines specially recognized xen-antigen was very low in normal human peripheral blood .
to construct a scfv library by phage display technique from the spleen cells of mice immunized with kgla cells .
a scfv library of anti-kgla cell surface molecules has been constructed . it will be useful for isolating specific scfv against the cell surface molecules of hematopoietic progenitors .
to determine the affinity of 5 monoclonal antibodies specific for recombinant human interferon- 2a and antigenic epitopes of interferon .
it was shown that the affinity constants of the antibodies ranged from 10-5 to 10-7 and the antigenic epitopes could be categorized into 4 groups .
to investigate the effects and mechanisms of t. wilfordii hook.f . on the expressions of il-5 , gm-csf of asthma .
2triptolide could inhibit ap-1 dna-binding activities of t cells stimulated with cona or pma .
one mechanism of t. wilfordii hook.f . for asthma therapy is its inhibition on transcription of il-5 and gm-csf genes by inhibition on activities of nf- b.
tnf- transiently increased protein tyrosine phosphoralation , and activated mapks cascades ( mainly erk2 , jnk2 , p38 ) in ra fls .
to study the capacity of differentiate committedly of recombinant human thrombopoietin ( rhtpo ) on megakaryocyte progenitor cells in peripheral stem cells ( pbmnc ) .
to identify the expression of the molecule recognized by pf18-3 mab ( pf18-3 molecule ) on various cells .
meth-ods : the expression of pr18-3 molecule was assayed by flow cytometry and confocal laser scanning microscope .
to clone and express fibroblast growth factor receptorl .
rt-pcr is used to isolate fgfr1 cdna .
the response of antisense irak-2 odn to il-1 and tnf-stimulated pgi2 release were different .
irak-2 plays a key role in the il-1 signalingevents leading to pgi2 release .
ns5 antigen signals appeared diffusely within cyto-plasm , or in cell membrane , while hcv-rna signals were mainly distributed in cytoplasm .
hcv can infect pbmcs and replicate in patients with chronic hepatitis c ;
to analyse polymorphism and expression of duck interferon- ( duifn- ) using nucleic acid hybridisation and pcr amplification .
the expression of duifn- was detected by rt-pcr with primers based on the published sequence of duifn- gene .
the type i ifn gene from avian species has a similar expression and polymorphism pattern with its mammalian counterpart .
the regulation of integrins expression by tnf- was studied by fluorescence activated cell sorting ( facs ) technique using indirect immunofluorescent staining .
tnf- could significantly promote lecs ' adhesion and migration on type iv collagen , laminin and fibronectin . the most effective concentration of tnf- was 10 u/ml .
the integrins expression on lecs was obviously up-regulated by tnf- .
all of t cells , nk and lak showed the non-specific cytotoxin to tumor cells .
the production of no , il-1 , il-6 , tnf- and the expression of mif mrna were significantly increased in astrocytes stimulated with lps .
if giving -msh with lps stimulation , the production of no , il-1 , il-6 , tnf- and the expression of mif mrna were markedly decreased .
to analysis sequence and antigenicity of autoantigen ss-b/la .
the antigen determinant sites may be in aa . 80 ~ 100,220 ~ 240 and 300 ~ 340 .
to study the function of cd40 ofdendritic cells ( dc ) in the anti-multiple myeloma immune response .
to study the effects of growth hormone on function of t lymphocytes .
to study the antitumor activity and immunoregulatory effect of triterpenes isolated from betula platyphylla ( tbp )
cytotoxicity ofmacrophage was observed by 3h-tdr release ;
activity of tnf and nk cell was determined by dye ( natural red ) release .
ir of 0.80 g/kg and 1.20 g/kg tbp on all of above tumor strains were greater than30 % in vivo .
tbp shows potent antitumor effect in vivo . promoting nonspecific immunoactivity is one of the antitumormechanism of tbp .
construction and expression of tnf- human-mouse chimeric antibody cz8 .
thetranscription of human-mouse chimeric light and heavy chain mrnas were proved by rt-pcr .
protein expression of both k and h chain wasfurther verified by western blot .
the in viiro neutralization assay demonstrated that the chimeric antibody could neutralize the cyctoxicity oftnf- .
human-mouse chimeric antihody cz8 was successfully expressed in eukaryotic cells .
introduce to the method of psa mcab to label gold colloid , to determine of psa antigen .
the methodusing citric acid three sodium revert prepare to gold colliod , the means of immunity separate to assay .
it is a kind of adiagnosing psa cancer method that gslia determine psa , fast , easy , sensitive .
to investigate telomerase activity of human peripheral lymphocytes .
peripheral lymphocytes of healthy people express telomerase activity . f ~ studies are required to determine the relationship be-tween lymphocyte telomerase and its function .
gene evolutionary tree based on upgam was established to classifythe chifn- .
tsifna5 of chinese taihe silky fowl is a subtype ifn gene .
the calcium currents were measured by whole-cell patch-clamp recording technique .
hd and gj inhibited l-type calcium channels .
dynamics of cytosolic ca2 + concentration , [ ca2 + ] c , was recorded by ratiometry of fura-2 in pancreatic acini .
l-1 resulted in an immediate , complete inhibition of the spikes .
aim : to examine the effects of bilobalide on nitric oxide-induced neurotoxicity in pheochromocytoma-derived pc12 cells ( pc12 cells ) .
pc12 cell survival was monitored by ldh release and 3- ( 4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl ) -2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide ( mtt ) assays .
3-morpholinosydnonimine ( sin-1,50-300 mol . l-1 ) induced pc12 cell damage .
moreover , the activities of sod and cat were increased after cells were treated with bilobalide .
twelve hours after the last injection , the rat brains were processed for coronal sections and nonradioactive in situ hybridization histochemistry technic was used .
the integral optical density ( iod ) and mean optical density ( od ) of the stained brain sections were measured using the computer-assisted image processing technique .
melatonin may enhance the pomc mrna expression in the arcuate nucleus of rat hypothalamus .
aim : to study the role of the arcuate nucleus of hypothalamus in analgesic action of l-tetrahydropalmatine ( l-thp ) .
aim : to improve a gas chromatography / electron impact ionization mass spectrometry ( gc / ms ) method for determining the concentration of procaterol in human plasma .
this assay was sensitive , precise , and accurate for evaluating the clinical pharmacokinetics of procaterol .
the production of nitric oxide ( no ) as an index macrophage activation was determined by colorimetric assay .
the intefferon- ( ifn- ) transfection was performed with coprecipitation of calcium phosphate and dna .
the melanoma b16 cells were inoculated into abdominal cavity of mice and the number of tumor nodes was recorded .
at lower concentrations or when given alone in vitro , ch50 produced ten times less no than lps ( p < 0.01 ) .
ch50 / ifn- had also a better inhibitory effect on tumor growth in vivo than lps / ifn-y did .
in the presence of ifn-y , the ability of ch50 to activate macrophages is the same as that of lps .
but ch50 has better antitumorogenic effects in vivo against mouse melanoma as compared to lps .
aim : to determine the effect of nitric oxide ( no ) on calcium-activated potassium currents in antral circular myocytes of the guinea pig stomach .
outward potassium currents were remarkably inhibited by tetraethylammonium ( tea ) 1 mmol l-1 .
abstractaim : to build the three-dimensional structure of opioid receptor-like 1 ( orl1 ) receptor .
the extracellular loops of orl1 were built by self-constructed database searching based on geometrical constraints ; initial model was refined computationally with energy minimization by molecular mechanics method .
the calculated structure of orl1 receptor has clusters of hydrogen bonds existing in interhelices and extracellular loops ;
cyp450s form a superfamily involved in the metabolism of many endogenous and exogenous substrates .
aim : to study gender difference in letrozole ( letr ) pharmacokinetics in rats .
letr concentrations in plasma and tissues were determined after ig administration of letr 2 mg/kg . recoveries of letr in urine and feces were also analyzed .
letr concentrations in female rat tissues were significantly ( p < 0.01 ) higher than those in male rat tissues 24 h after administration .
there are marked gender differences in letr pharmacokinetics in rats .
aim : to analyze the mode of interaction of combined administration of intrathecal morphine with subcutaneous morphine or buprenorphine .
isobolograms showed that the eds0 points determined for the combinations were plotted significantly left to the theoretical additive line .
microsomes from six individual human liver specimens were used to perform enzyme kinetic studies and the kinetic parameters were estimated by eadie-hofstee equation .
there was an important intersubject variability in ndp metabolism in human liver microsomes .
the intersubject variability of ndp pharmacokinetics was attributed to the metabolic polymorphism of ndp in liver .
cytochrome p-4503a ( cyp3a ) is involved in the dehydrogenation of dihydropyridine ring of ndp .
transient ( 15 min ) cerebral ischemia was produced by bilateral carotid artery occlusion procedure .
the tyrosine phosphorylation of nr2b was analyzed by immunoprecipitation and immunoblot assay .
immunoprecipitation and immunoblot confirmed that n-r2b is among the phosphorylated 180 kda protein .
src coprecipitated with nr2b protein .
the increase of the tyrosine phosphorylation of nr2b induced by i/r has relation to nr and l-type vgcc ;
dock4.0 program was performed to construct dyn8 complex with hkor .
( 1 ) the model of hkor was obtained and validated by theoretical and experimental data .
some amino acid residues positioned in el2 , tm3 , tm4 , and tm5 form the binding site and therefore determine the selectivity of kappa peptide agonist .
freshly dissociated carp retinal cells were loaded with fluo-3am and then the fluorescence measurements were performed on a confocal laser-scanning microscope .
however , different results were found in the terminal and soma when only one subtype of gaba receptors was activated .
gaba 10 mol / l could also completely suppress ca2 + signaling in the soma , but could only partially reduce ca2 + signaling in the terminal .
activation of both gabaa and gabac receptors could completely inhibit high k + -evoked ca2 + signaling in the terminal and soma of carp retinal on-type bipolar cells .
transient ( 15 min ) global ischemia was produced by bilateral carotid artery occlusion .
total ptk activity increased significantly after i/r , but the ptp activity did not change .
aim : to develop a fast protein liquid chromatography ( fplc ) method for the assay of alc-type glycosylated hemoglobin in diabetic rats .
venous blood was collected from rats .
platelet aggregation was analysed by mrbidimetry .
cytosolic free calcium concentration ( [ ca2 + ] i ) was determined by fura-2 fluorescence technique .
the cytoskeletal proteins were precipitated by triton and separated by sds-page .
modified telomeric repeat amplification protocol was used to detect telomerase activity .
cell cycle was analyzed by flow cytometer .
telomerase activity was detected in all of four human hepatoma cell lines but absent in normal liver cells .
monoclonal antibodies anti-cyp2c8/9/19 and anti-cyp3a4 were employed to conduct inhibition experiments .
the protein contents of cyp2c19 and cyp3a4 were quantified using western blot analysis and densitometric scanning .
apoptosis was determined by agarose electrophoresis and flow cytometry analysis .
to assess telomerase activity , a pcr-based telomeric repeat amplification protocol assay ( trap ) was used .
aim : to study the effect of rubidatum ( rub ) on immune function in normal mice .
diminished the hemolytic activity of pfc ;
decreased the hc50 ;
some protein kinases involved in this signal pathway were also addressed .
the main findings were : ( 1 ) avp4-8 induced the mapk activity in rat brain astroglial culture but not in fetal neuronal cultures .
and this was blocked by zdc ( c ) pr , an antagonist of avp4-8 .
mek and pkc may be involved in the avp4-8-evoked cascade .
expression of se ( 1,2 ) ft was mediated by human adenoviral vector .
flow cytometric analysis was used to compare the expression level of h blood group antigen or gal epitope .
mtt was employed to assess the susceptibility of mouse nih3t3 cells to human natural antibody and complement mediated lysis .
mfi values for the binding of human natural igg and igm antibodies to nih3t3 cells were 31 3 , 32 4 , and 22 4 , respectively .
aim : to investigate whether or not histamine was involved in scopolamine-induced spatial memory deficits evaluated in 8-arm radial maze performance of rats .
eight-arm radial maze performance was used to measure spatial memory in rats , and the brain regions were subsequently dissected and histamine contents were determined by hplc .
to experss ps2 fusion protein .
the ms2-ps2 fusion protein was served as immunogen , t he antiserum was effective immunohistochemically on formalin-fixed rountinely processed section of human breast tumors .
the ps2 fusion protein expressed in prokaryote cells was correct and estabilished the basis for preparating anti-ps2 monoclonal antibody .
to testify the induction of allo -hypo-immuno-responsiveness by immature dendritic cells ( dc ) with deficiency of costi mulators .
the separated and un-separated cells were cultured with human hematopoietic growth factors ( hgfs ) in liquid culture system and cfu-gemm culture system .
the separated cd34 + cells and cord blood mnc expanded to 561.00 folds and 44.44 folds respectively after cultured with hgfs for 20 days .
the percentages of cd34 + cells in separated group and control were 53.38 % and 7.91 % respectively after cultured for 12 days .
to select anti-inflammation polypeptide from bee venom and study its mechanism .
to investigate the effects of bee venom on splenocyte proliferation , il-1 production in mice and tnf production in thp-1 cells .
bvi-2 isolated by hplc is a main component of anti-inflammation of bee venom .
to detect in vitro the effect of ifn on hl-60 cells or atra resistant hl-60 cells .
mtt was used to measure the proliferation of hl-60 cells or atra resistant hl-60 cells .
the differentiation of hl-60 cells or atra resistant hl-60 cells was detected by nbt .
to detect the apoptosis of hl-60 cells or atra resistant hl-60 cells with flow cytometric analysis .
otherwise , the atra resistant hl-60 cells was induced by way of atra density gradually-increasement .
ifn could inhibit the proliferation of hl-60 cells , especially accompanied with the atra .
effect on differentiation of hl-60 cells was enhanced by ifn . ifn also reverse the resistance of atra resistant hl-60 cells to atra .
to study the biological characteristics of purified hum an nk cells .
il-5 prolonged the survival of the blood eosin ophils .
in these cells , hht-induced apoptosis was associated with g1 delay and correlated with the activation of caspase-3 .
furthermore , fas-l neutralizing antibodies ( nok-1 an d -2 ) did not affect hht-induced apoptosis in these cells .
hht induced apoptosis in molt-3 cells involves the activation of caspase-3 .
the cell morphology , growth and death pattern ( s ) were evaluated by multiple approaches .
ra could promote cell differentiation and mfas expression but not induce apo ptosis .
the best apoptotic induction could be achieved in the cell population pretreated by ra for 48 h.
the ra enhanced apoptotic susceptibility of med -3 cells is closely associated with mfas up regulation .
to study the infiltration degree of tidc in lung cancer and the effect of it on prognosis .
use s-100 protein as the specific label marker of dc , adopt immunohistochemistry sabc method to detect the distribution of dc in lung cancer .
these data were examined with log-rank test , there is significant difference between markedly infiltrated group and slightly degree infiltrated group .
the prognosis of lung squamous cell carcinoma cancers which have dc markedly infiltrated is superior to those of slightly degree infiltrated patients .
investigation about immunological pathogenesis of thrombocytopenic purpura was made .
the imbalance between th1 and th2 could partly explained the mechanism of thrombocytopenic purprua .
to further evaluate the nature of hla -drb1 allelos association with chronic renal failure ( crf ) from northern chinese .
to explore the effects and mechanisms of soluble syndecan-1 on the behavior of human multiple myeloma ( mm ) cells .
to purify soluble syndecan-1 from the supernatants of xg-2 cell line using chromatography ;
through 3 h-tdr incorporation , annexing-v and pi staining , we studied the biological role of purified soluble syndecan-1 on human myeloma cells in vitro .
1 we obtained the product ( molecular weight 60 kd ) from cultured supernatants of xg-2 which recognized by specific anti-syndecan-1 antibody b-b4 ;
3il-6 and anti-gp130 agonistic monoclonal antibodies did not show any effects on soluble syndecan-1 .
soluble syndecan-1 participated in the regulation cell growth of mm as a competitive inhibitors and a negative regulator through one signal transduction that is different from il-6 .
to explore whether il-12 engineered human dendritic cells ( dcs ) might enhance its antigen presenting functions to augment cell mediated immune responses .
the early replicating progenitors of dcs ( stimulated by flt-3l , scf and gm-csf ) were transfected with il-12 recombinant retroviral vector by lipofection .
the transfected cells were driven through committed expansion into dcs lineage by adding the above cytokines plus il-4 and tnf- .
to study the possibility of dengue virus e gene vaccine .
then the recombinant plasmid was intramuscularly injected to balb / c mice , and the specific humoral and cellular immunity were tested .
the recombinant plasmid dna could induce specific immune reactions and the immune response could last a long time .
to study the role of ceramide in the activation and apoptosis of t cells induced by low molecular peptide antigen of mycobacterium tuberculosis .
the low molecular peptide antigen dervied from mycobacterium tuberculosis ( mtb ) was applied to stimulate the peripheral blood mononuclear lymphoctyes of healthy donors .
t lymphocytes coated by tcr / hapten-antibody in combination with macs anti-hapten microbeads-fitc were separated with a ls + positive selection macs separator .
ceramide hydrolyzed from sphingomyeline can induced apoptosis of t cells .
to study the effect of increased expression of fas on the killing of -cells .
fas expression induced by cytokine may represent a factor for the initiation of -cells destruction .
il-6 , il-1 and tnf have induce the expression of c-fos and c-jun during development of human fetal cerebral neurons in vitro at the level of transcription .
in order to explore the function and regulation of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 ( icam-1 ) in the early pregnancy .
the higher concentrations of lif and il-1 were , the more effects were observed .
these results suggested that icam-1 can play an important role in implantation , the expression of icam-1 be up-regulated by lif and il-1 .
to investigate the effects of mycophenolate mofetil ( mmf ) on adriamycin ( adm ) induced nephrotic syndrome ( ns ) in rats .
conclution : multiple cellular growth factors combination is a safe cosmetic products with a good effect on skin care , skin rejuvenation and skin lesion treatment .
in order to seek the new methods for treating keloid .
the effective and curability rate of method 1 was 98 % and 68 % ; that of method 2 was 81 % and 37 % .
the difference of two methods was significantly .
to solve and treatment the half-facial atrophy and seriously facial hollow and defect of tissue .
to drive our epidermarl of the end on the longer deltopectoral flap have been used to reconstruct the half-facial atrophy and hollow of face and deformity including16 patients .
the method have been good result , as far as facial hollow and defect of this patients , it was worth to pursue .
to investigate the etiology and management of nine sorts of special complications from 829 cases of tissue expansions .
the author analysed the etiology of each complication and introduced the surgical management and the results .
it must be emphasized that prevention and correct management of complications are very important in improving efficacy of skin expansion .
to investigate the chromatic uniformity of anodized titanium denture frameworks .
the values of total color differences between the measured positions were less than 1.3 , which is not differentiated by the naked eyes .
the golden color on the surface anodized titanium denture frameworks is uniform , improving the aesthetic appearance of titanium dentures .
purpose : to discuss the effects on the feature and function of upper lip of cleft lip repair of infants .
under general anesthesia , cleft lip repair were performed on ten infants who were less than six days old .
the wound healed well and all infants got the function of sucking milk after seven days of surgery .
only tiny bars can be identified after one year .
it 's favorable to restore the feature and function of upper lip as early as possible when the cleft lip of infants were repaired .
28cases have been repaired in the same term and the result of the operation is satisfactory .
we believe that this method is safe , effective , simple and one of the idea method for repairing unilateral cleft lip and palate in the same term
secondary deformities of bilateral cleft lip are treated in inferior lip pedicle flap .
seventeen cases were repaired with inferior lip pedicle flap .
seventeen cases were repaired with infeliol lip pedicle flap .
to probe into the effect on combining facial care with oral administration of diane-35 for acne lesions .
theraputic effect could be enhanced by administrating diane-35 orally on the basis of facial care , and this also could reduce the sequela of acne lesions .
to study the aetiology of skin atrophy induced by diprospan and give the treatment .
a retrospected study of 12 cases with skin atrophy induced by diprospan .
obiective : to study a much easier continuous tissue expansion technique .
the average hospitalized time of fifteen patients was 29.7 5.8days .
air outer-penetration phenomenon of expanders was found , but without harmful appearance .
continuous pressure-controlled air inflation could achieve fast and simple expansion , which is worth investigating further .
to make an inquiry into the treatment of capsular contracture after augmentation mammaplasty with mammary prostheses .
all the cases were achieved satisfactory results .
to investigate effect of sandwich restoration on repairing tooth deface and preserving the gingival .
the sandwich technique was used to repairing the defect under the gingival and observing the integrality of the restoration as well as appearance of the gingival .
the sandwich restoration is better than composite resin in maintain the health and aesthetic aspect of gingival in upper front tooth .
aim : in order to save anterior teeth with root fracure .
it is necessary that emergent treatment of root fracture should be put in practice right and as soon as possible .
to summarize one effective treatment.of lower eyelid blepharoalasty .
operatiobns of lower eyelid blepharoalasty in a group of 63 patients with orbital fat preservation of transconjuctval fornix .
the effect of early and later was satisfacting .
less trauma in operation , invisal scar in pastoperation and without later lower eyelid depression and latent eyeball descent .
careful selection of operating indication .
to study the anodyne effect by the means of the cooperation which pre -operation direction and preventive medicine after operation .
the analgesia effect of observation group was much better than that of control group , ( p0.01 ) .
conclution : the patients could master the method deal with pain by the effect pre-operation direction and well prepared for pain psychologically .
the preventive medicine which given timely , exactly and rationally could be greatly allevite patients pain and improve their life quality .
it supplied that the pre operation direction was pretty useful to relief patients pain .
to investigate the effects of interleukin-1 on the ultrastructure of cultured fibroblasts from pathological scar .
transmission election microscope were used to observe the ultrastructure of fb .
after treatment with il-1 , the main cell organs , including rough endoplasmic reticular , mitochondrid and ribosome , were destroyed .
il-1 is a negative regulator in collagen synthesis of fibroblasts . it could be used for the treatment and the prevention of pathologic scar .
to observe the effect of trichomadesis by medlite ivyag laser .
every patients was treated one time in 3 ~ 8 weeks .
86 cases obtained satisfactory results in 3 ~ 6times later .
medlite nd:yag solid four waves laser may achieve the better result for trichomadesis , with less complication or side effects than the conventional methods .
to find an effective therapy to treat for syringoma with less or no therapeutic reaction and no complications .
the cure rate was 97 % in both groups .
the occurrence rate of complication was lower in pulsed group than that in continuous group .
type a shore durometer can be used to determine accurately the shore hardness of various kinds of scars , as well as their minor change with time-passing .
to investigate the morphological changes and occlusion rate of post-avulsion injury artery .
rat model for arterial avulsion injury was developed . distraction force of 60-140g was applied separately . the morphological changes of arterial endometrium were observed .
with the increasing of distraction forec , the occlusion rate was increased accordingly .
when the distraction force increased up to 140g , the occlusion rate was 100 % .
the morphological changes could be divided into 2 main types : 1 . endometrium rupture and 2 . endometrium valve formation .
it is in order to discuss clinical experience and basis for repairing scar contracture of anterior region of neck .
the fascia skin flap of neck-breast anterior is a high quality material for repairing scar contracture of neck region after burn .
to discuss the curative effect and safety , that notoginseng herbs pharmaceutics were imported to cure acne conglobata .
go patients were divided into 2 groups sat radom .
patients of cure group were given notoginseng pharmaceutics injection , the control group were given bifonazole .
the cure group are better than control group . conclusion : to treat acne conglobata with notoginseng pharmaceutics can get high and persistent curative effect .
to eliminate facial inflammatory lesion , decrease sebaceous secretion , prevent the formation of eystic acne and avoid the destructive facial scar .
this study was aimed at elevating quality of tattoo treating .
microskin backgrafting can promote wound healing with no additive injurys . this method can elevate quality of tattoo treatment .
to investigate an effective and safe way for treating viral warts , especially for recalcitrant warts .
for its scarless , it is the treatment of better choice for these lesions in cosmetically sensitive areas .
the authors investigated a good method for inverted nipple .
13 patients with congenital inverted nipple were treated by the technique . use a direct approach through the trans-nipple-areola incision .
this method is safe , simple , effective and satisfactory .
to study a new continuous expansion procedure for short therapy period .
117 cases of patients with skin cicatrix were divided into intermittent fast tissue expansion group ( ifte ) and short period tissue expansion group ( spte ) .
in ifte group , expanders were placed into subcutaneous pockets through traditional parallel incisions and rapidly inflated 10 days after expander insertion .
in spte group , expanders were placed into subcutaneous pockets through short perpendicular incisions and inflated interaoperatively .
average expansion time of 16.8 days was achieved in ifte group , against 11.7 days in spte group .
average hospitalization duration was 45.3 days in ifte group , against 32.4 days in spte group .
the complication rate in spte group was lower than that of ifte group .
the procedure of shotr of short continuous tissue expansion could decrease the hospitalization time of patienst effectively with good clinic results .
study on the compount methods : of skin dilation for skin repairing in plastic surgery .
all the skin flaps were success in 38 cases .
the results showed that this method was good for shorten time for dilating flaps and hospitalization .
to study the result of comprehensive treatment facial keloid .
removing the keloid , injecting kangningketong-a under the cut , sewing up the cut , bandaging it with pressure , and pasting banhendi over the cut .
all of the cases are healing by first intention without apparent cicatrix .
the satisfactory effect can be obtained by the comprehensive treatment for the facial keloid .
to protect the cicartricial contraction deformities becoming more serious from postburn scar hypertrophy in children .
skin soft tissue defects in all regions have been repaired in appearance and function , and obtained satisfactory results .
deep burn may cause cicartricial contraction in children , deformity become more serious , reasonable therapy should help to avoid function lose and decrease operation numbers .
to evaluate characteristics of burned nasal deformities and rhinoplasty .
significantly improved function and appearance were achieved in all 75 nasal plastic operations .
this approach provides a simple and effective way to correct the epicanthus palpebralis or epicanthus tarsalis .
describe the appearance of failed eyeline tattoo pre-and posttreatment with quality cumulative scoring and determined curative effect according to the rate of the decline of quality cumulative scoring .
the q-switched , frequency doubled nd : yag laser is effective for removal of eyeline tattoo .
to study the factors correlating the curative effects of nasal sinus micrurgy .
intranasal ethmoidectomy , transmaxillary sinus surgery , ostium enlargement of 'the maxillary sinus middle meatal anstrostory are used .
to study the curative effect of lower limbs suspension traction for the treatment of baby fracture of femoral shaft as well as the concerning precautions .
follow-up visits were carried out for 36 baby patients who received treatment of lower limbs suspension traction .
the change of t lymphocytes in the observing group had statistical value ( p < 0.01 ) while that in the control group showed no statistical value .
to study the features ( manifestation ) of echocardiography of degenerative cardiac valvular disease ( dcvd ) and to evaluate the value of echocardiography on its diagnosis .
methods 1609 patients aged over 60 were diagnosed by means of colored doppler echocardiography .
to evaluate the diagnostic accuracy of b mode ultrasonography ( us ) and computerized tomography ( ct ) for acute necrosis pancreatitis ( anp ) .
both us and ct are useful diagnostic methods for anp . the specificity and positive predictive value of us are similar to that of ct .
to study the correlation of polymorphism of angiotensin converting enzyme gene with left ventricular mass index in essential hypertension ( eh ) .
there is no association between aceg and lvmi of patients with eh
to study the changes of et and no in newborns ' cord blood of the pregnant women with pih .
et was detected by means of radioactive immunity ;
the expression of no-2 and no-3 , which are the constant metabolism products , were determined by using the combination of nitric reductase and griess reagent .
the newborns ' cord blood of 21 with pih and that of 24 healthy pregnant women were detected .
the increased expression of et and the reduced expression of no may be the key signals of iugr incidence .
to determine the sensitivity of extrinisic chemical therapy medicines of non small cell lung cancer ( nsclc ) .
fitc-annexin v/pi double staining double variables flow cell method ( fcm ) was adopted .
this test is a new way to determine the sensitivity of the chemical therapy medicines .
to study the role of fibroblast ( fb ) in aseptic loosening .
fb has an effect on the loosening of the artificial joint and the bony fusion .
to study gdm 's effect on the pregnant women and the newborns .
the gestational results were analyzed in 112 pregnant women with gdm and 112 healthy pregnant women .
timely diagnosis and treatment of gdm will reduce the micromia incidence .
the factors correlated with the newborn 's disease incidence are severity of gdm , the control of blood sugar and microsomia .
peripheral blood mononuclear cells ( pbmc ) were co stimulated by tsa , il-2 and anti-cd3 monoclonal antibody to develop into cytotoxic t lymphocytes .
the proliferation , phenotype and cytokine of the ctl were dynamically analysed and compared with lak and cd3-ak .
the proliferation folds of ctl were 7.52 , 28 .
92 , 32.8 and 36.96 on the days of 8th , 12th , 16th and 20th respectively ;
the ldl-c/apoai , tc/ldl-c , ldl-c/hdl-c in the patients were significantly different from those in the normal control group ( p < 0.05 ) .
to observe the relation between the level of oxidatively modified low density lipoprotein ( ox-ldl ) and the degree of carotid atherosclerosis ( cas ) .
the level of ox-ldl was assessed by measuring their thiobarbituric acid reactive substances .
the level of plasm ox-ldl was 1.46 0 .
46nmol / ml in cas patients , and that in the mild cas patients was 1.30 0 .
37nmol / ml , while for the severe patients that level was 1.88i0.60nmol/ml .
in contrast the level of plasm ox-ldl in control group was 0 .
the luvel of plasm ox-ldl can reveal the severity of cas .
thirty control subjects without the clinical signs of diabetes and as were chosen .
giy-ldl was measured by aminophenylborate gel affinity chromatography .
the level of plasm giy-ldl was ( 8.89 ~ 2.50 ) % in dm2 with cas patients .
the level of plasm gly-ldl was ( 4 . 05 1.08 ) % in control subjects .
there was a close relation between the level of gly-ldl and as of dm2 patients .
to inquire into the influence of family environmental factors on the blood pressure of remarries spouses .
investigation was carried out about the hypertension of 392 remarried families in zhaogezhuang mining area of tangshan .
blood pressure did n't show any tendency to be concordant with the time-lasting of the remarried spouses living together .
cpb under tepid temperature c. on decreased the injury to the t lymphocyte immune function resulted from the low temperature during cpb .
to observe the relationship of the clinical severity and the platelet count in neonatal sepsis .
platelet count is a useful index in the diagnosis of neonatal sepsis and can be used numerically to evaluate the severity of the disease .
to investigate the clinical effecacy , safety and the side effect of losartan in the elderly patients with mild and moderate essential hypertension .
to investigate the protective effect of the self- prepared blood - promoting & vital recuperating decoction on peripheral nerve injury .
under electro - microscope , the thickness of myelin sheath and the axonal diameter in the treatment group were shown better than that of the control groups .
to search the prevalence rate of gastroduodental diseases among coal miners .
methods 306 coal miners were chosen from three coal - mining areas in shandong , hebei and liaoning with the method of cluster sampling .
in the three coal - mining areas , shandong showed the highest prevalence rate among the workers and hebei had the lowest .
to study the effects of methylprednisolone ( mp ) pulse therapy on refractory nephrotic syndrome .
those who did n't responded with complete remission were treated again .
the effects before and after the therapy were significantly different ( p < 0 . 01 ) .
to explore the necessity of comprehensive treatment for the lung cancer among youngsters by analyzing the surgical operation as the dominant treatment .
the total one-year survival rate was 34.75 % ( 41 / 118 ) ;
the one-year survival rate in post-operative comprehensive treatment group was lower than the preoperative one and had statistical significance ( p < 0.05 ) .
abstract objective to study the relationship between the level of il-1 mrna in fetal brain and certain diseases .
il-1 mrna from u251 cell stimulated by tpa showed a significant expression .
the il-1 mrna in fetal brain within 2 months of conception will show expressibn without any stimulation .
to find an easy and effective method for the differential diagnosis between benign and malignant hyolrothorax .
the ca-50 level and cea level of serum and hydrothorax in malignant hydothorax were significantly higher than those in benign hydrothorax ( p < 0 . 01 ) .
to study the association of cytomegalovirus ( cmv ) with atherosclerosis .
cmv plays an important role in the pathological process ofthe athersclerosis and the atherosclerotic cerebral infarction .
to observe the effectiveness of thoracic epidural anesthesia ( tea ) for the treatment of unstableangina pectoris ( upa ) .
methods 72 uap patients were randomly divided into two groups : tea group and control groupwith pure drug therapy .
the total improvement shown in the electrocardiogram was 91.7 % ( p < 0.01 ) .
nitroglycerinum was stoppedor reduced ( 100 % ) .
tea is a safe , effective and convenient method for the treatment of uap .
to evaluate the treatment effects of transurethral electrovapor ization - ablation of the prostate ( tvp ) for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia ( bph ) .
all patients had the foley catheterremoved within 3 ~ 5d after operation , and got unobstructed micturition .
follow - up visits for 1 ~ 18months showed thatboth subjective and objective symptoms were significantly improved .
tvp for the treatment of bph has theadvantages of high safety , evident efficacy and less complieations .
to investigate the relation between clinical presentation and coronary morphology as well as acutein- hospital prognosis in patients with unstable angina ( ua ) .
the ua score previously presented has significance value in predicting the lesion complexity of ischemia - ralatedvesel and acute in- hospital prognosis in patients with ua .
dna damage was detected bysingle cell gel electrophoresis ( scge ) ( comet assay ) in 31 ovarian cancer patients during chemotherapy .
pdd and ctx cancause some damage of dna in pbl of ovarian cancer .
methods 69 cases of cerebral infarction and 32cases of myocardial infarction as well as 42 controls were selected for the study .
positive rates of igg , iga and igm inthe above three groups were detected by enzyme linked immunosorbent assay .
a significant difference was shown between the study group andthe control group ( p < 0.01 ) .
there was a significant correlation between h pylori and trilyceride ( p < 0.01 ) .
con-clusion hpylori is significantly correlated with cerebral infarction and myocardial infarction in elderly patients .
h py-lori infection is probably another dangerous factor for ischemic cardiocascular and cerebrovascular diseases .
killing effects of automatic flytrap and electric bug killer were observed in analogous room .
in the fluorescent light , killing rates of the two fly killers were 89.50 % and 48.50 % in 4h . there was significant difference by statistical proceeding ;
in nature light , killing rates of the two fly killers were 91.00 % and 83.75 % in 4h . there was no significant difference by statistical proceeding .
antomatic flytrap was better than electric bug killer when compared with different experimental methods .
it showed that when people used fly killers , surrounding condition should be considered so as to improve rates of killing flies .
this paper reported the comparative efficacy on pesguard sc 5 and fendona sc 1.5 against housefly on three-plywood surface .
objectice : to know well the resistance situation of house fly to insecticides in nantong district and to study and work out some management strategies .
for example , in anhui and guangxi , sandflies existed in all of being investigated county .
the data of electrophysiological studies were as follows : ngf side : lat 2.08 0.42ms , cv35 .
electrophysiology andcb -- hrp retrograde trace test demonstrate that ngf can promote the regenerate nerve function recovery .
the concentration of the arachidonic acid was increased in the plasma of patients suffering from cerebral thrombosis while the concentration of the eicosapentaenic acid was decreased .
arachidonic acid ( aa ) and eicosapentaenic acid ( epa ) may have relationships with the occurrence of acute cerebral thrombosis and the secondary brain injury .
the result provides some clues for the treatment and prevention of the cerebral thrombosis .
to study the influence of endothline-1 ( et-1 ) in threatened premature delivery .
et- 1 concentration may play an important role in the initiation of labour . threatened premature delivery maybe related to the increase of et- 1 in peripheral plasma .
the excavating covered 88.8 hectares of cropland and 7.2 hectares of bank of carth alongside the cropland .
the search also covered 2.2 hectares of ridge area with the result of 42 specimens caught .
for the low-lying land a total number of 308 apodemus agrarius were caught with the average density of 3.62 per hectare .
7.04 hectare of ditch area were searched with the result of 180 specimens caught .
the average density number was 25.57 per hectare and 23 haystacks near the ditch area were searched .
they occupied 0.138 hectare and 96 specimens were caught . the average density was 695.7 per hectare .
the study were made from nov . till the next mar . total 523 specimens were caugh from 162 nests .
laboratory and field trials were carried out to evaluate the effects of bromadiolone against rattus norvegicus and mus musculus .
it is concluded that bromadiolone is a very effective rodenticide against rats and mice in the field use .
this paper reported the repellent effect of a repellent paint against rat .
main active ingredient of this repellent paint is artificial chilli compound .
k value with diet acceptance trial against white rat ( wistar ) and rattus norvegicus was respectively 86.9 and 93.775 .
bitten number of comparison and treatment with field trial was respectively 6/10 and 0/10 .
the result showd that this rat reppellent paint have better reppellent effect against rats .
to discuss the damage extent to myocardial and the changing orderliness of serum myocardial muscle enzyme in the patients with acute fluoroacetamide poisoning ( afap ) .
( 2 ) the average values of five serum enzyme were significantly different among the light , middle and serious groups ( p < 0.01 ) .
the present paper in results of survey of breeding of mosquitoes in used tires in beijing .
it was found the larvae of aedes albopictus and culex pipiens pallens in the used tires .
the two species were found in the same tire some times .
their toxicity showed on additive joint action . the resislante culex pipiens quinguefaciatus larva 's lc50 was 0.0545mg/l .
common toxicity quotiety was 284.03 . they have obvious synergistic joint action .
purposes : observing on chromosome and chromosomal polymorphism of anopheles dirus in yunan .
mitotic chromosomal karyotype and heterochromatin banding et al .
the results pointed out that musca domestica have an assembly habits , which possessed a surely affection to increasing catching rate .
aim : to investigate the distribution of arbovirus in the south of china .
serum samples from 168 patients with unkown fever and the samples mosquitoes were assayed by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction ( rt-pcr ) .
it suggested that there exist more flavivirus infection than den and jev in south china .
and from the positive rates of three kinds of mosquitoes samples , we concluded that there perhaps are new arbovirus foci .
to investigate something about the people and the animals infected by sindbis fever in ninghua county , fujian .
it shows that there exist natural foci of sindbis fever in the forest area of ninghua , fujian .
aim : to find which species of mouse and tick carry borrelia burgdorferi .
solution of borrelia burgdorferi was performed from mice and tick samples using bsk medium .
lyme disease ede mic focus were found in guangdong and r.edwardsi and r.fulvescens were confirmed the host .
vii . 1983 , collected by cui changyuan .
the type is deposided in the health and anti-epidemic station of liaoning province .
the results indicated that chigger mites can serve as transmitting vector of field rodent type of hfrs and act as a reservoir host as well .
10 460 people were vaccinated , 97.30 % of them completed their vaccination of full doses .
the rates of seroconversion of neutralizing antibody by the mcro-cpe method were 14.80 % , 55.56 % and 35.00 % .
the infection rate was as high as 50 % to 58 % .
these results may indicate that infected ae.albopictus females were capable of transmitting dengue virus vertically and have a potential role in the natural circulation of the virus .
a strain of japanese encephalitis ( je ) virus was isolated from aedes assamensis .
the results showed that there exist je and other arboviral diseases in mengding .
to provide reliable morphologic basis of the cervical dorsal root for selective posterior rhizotomy ( spr ) .
the number of the rootlets in every cervical dorsal root are almost the same .
conjoint nerve root ( cr ) between the two cervical dosal roots were found on 77.9 % of the specimens .
according to the diameter of cr , it was divided into proximal type , middle type and distal type ;
according to the diameter of cr , it was divided into three types : branch of rootlet , rootlet and subbundle of rootlet .
the dorsal roots were divided into 4 ~ 6 subbundles in general spr , while 8 ~ 10 rootlets in hyperselective posterior rhizotomy .
furthermore , cr of cervical dorsal roots were observed and classified and its effect on spr was also stressed .
to provide morphological basis for the location , approach and spinal radix identification of the spr and sar at medullar conus .
the spinal radix at medullar conus were observed and measured on 14 child specimens .
the diameter of s1 posterior radix is the biggest , while s2 is much smaller and s3 ~ 5 are the smallest .
it only needs the laminectomy of l1 and a 6cm incision on the skin to expose the operative region .
to verify anatomical mark for safe anterior cervical decompression and to apply the anatomical parameters on the design of anterior cervical plate .
bilateral anterior feet of uncinate process can be anatomically marked as lateral borders of safe anterior decompression of the lower cervical vertebrae .
the suitable width of anterior cervical plate is 16 ~ 17 mm , and the suitable length of the corresponding screw is 12 mm for chinese .
when gd coverage was higher than 0.22 nm , gd 4f emission showed a double-peak .
the origin of gd 4f double peak and the oxidation mechanism as well as the nature of the surface oxygen species are discussed .
let x1 , ...
, xr , xr + 1 , ...
, xn be independent random variables such that x1 , ...
, xr iid .
~ f1 and xr + 1 , ...
, xn iid .
since the -scheme was proposed , it has been studied widely , and some good results have been obtained .
regrettably spurious oscillation often occurs in the coune of computation especially in the case of some problems .
in this paper , the inherent reson and affected factor , which the spurious oscillation , are obtained on the basis of the theory of the remainder-effect .
the modified scheme is proposed by controlling the affect factors .
at the same time , the numerical results for different mathematical models are shown .
several examples are given to show the efficiency of this new approximation method .
the measurement of molecular weigh showed the molecular weigh of -lactamase extracted from 4 standard strains and 6 clinical isolates were 39.6kd .
to investigate the distribution and the susceptibility of complex pathogens complicated by nosocomial mrsa pneumonia .
of 64 complex pathogens , bacterial and fungal infections accounted for 71.88 % and 28.13 % , respectively .
bacteria appeared diversely high resistance to 13 antibiotics .
several metabolic pathways of ( e ) -roxithromycin , a widely used antibiotic , were observed in humans .
19 patients were followed up and the short and long term results were satisfactory , and the operation was safe and reliable .
a goat 's model was used to study the biological effects on vertebrae induced by internal spinal instrumentation .
qct measurement showed that the bmd values had significant loss in cortical and trabecular bone of vertebrae compared with control group postoperatively .
histomorphometry revealed the osteoporosis in the verebrae spanned by spinal implant .
this study suggest that the stress-shielding occurs in the vertebrae in response to rigid internal spinal instrumentation .
there were twenty cases of degenerative lower lumbar instability ;
five male and fifteen female ;
twelve cases insability occured in l 4 ~ 5 , eight cases in l5-s1 .
apply mechanical tenet to explain the pathological relation ship between prolapse of lumbar intervertebral disc and spondy lolisthesis , then to guide operative principle .
according to stanffer criterion of therapeutic effectiveness , the treatment group of fibular autotransplantation had 6 favorable cases , 1 common case and 1 disappointed case .
meanwhile , the treatment group of veterbral arch root screw reposition and internal fixation had 24 favorable cases , 2 common cases and 92.3 % favorable rate .
applying vertebral arch root screw to reduce dislocated vertebral body has important significance to this operation .
clinical study of mri changes between pre and post operation of cervical intervertebral disc protrusion and its clinical significance .
20 patients ' mri changes between pre and post cervical anterior route operation were measured . its correspondence with the functional recovery of patients was also observed .
mri has an important clinical significance in diagnosis and treatment of cervical intervertebral disc operation .
to discuss the therapeutic effect of pulse electro-magnetic fields ( pemfs ) to osteoporosis and its influences on bone metabolism .
according to the diagnostic standard of the primary osteoporosis of china , we selected 30 post-menopause women with osteoporosis as the cases .
all cases were treated by using union-2000 osteoporosis therapy system . it took 40 minutes in each treatment . total course included 30 times .
2 . the average period of driving is 2.5 ~ 3.027 years ;
1 . the incidence of low back pain of the drivers in plateau is 95.07 % ;
to offer a reference for elucidation of biomechanic mechanism on articular cartilage injury during tibial lengthening .
( 2 ) there was no significant difference in pressure after bone lengthening and 3 or 5 minutes after a distraction ( p > 0.05 ) .
to investigate the influence of cervical dynamic nonequilibrium on collagenase activity in cervical intervertebral disc .
with geotextile being used in great quantities , aging of geotextile has drawn great attention from the engineering field .
the arrangement of four lift points to hoisting a pile , as given in general technical literature , is on the premise of slings with equal length .
the following analysis methods about the property parameters of air-float structure are obtained .
the comparisons of theory and model test and local test show that the float state analysis method about air-float structures can be applied to engineering .
mmp-2 and mmp-9 expression in nsclc tissues might be indicators of tumor behavior .
to investigate the clinical role of p21 and cd44v in primary lung cancer and their relationship with each other .
to investigate the correlation between expression of cd44 in human non-small cell lung cancer ( nsclc ) and lymph node metastasis .
to explore the clinical results of implanting expanding nitinol alloy stent in the treatment of tracheobronchial stenosis .
the nitinol alloy endotracheal stent was an effictive , safe and reliable method to release tracheobronchial stenosis .
from 1992 to 1999 an endemic investigation of lyme disease was conducted by means of serological and etiological methods in yimeng mountains of shandong province .
of 695 forestry residents , 49 residents had a significant antibody titer against borrelia burgdorferi strain b31 .
the prevalance rate of lyme disease was 7.50 % .
it was confirmed that yimeng mountains of shandong province was the endemic area of lyme disease .
the relation between farm rats and incidence of leptospirosis was analysised with liner correlation .
the cohort study on control effect of leptospirosis vaccine was made .
there were cyclic epidemic of leptospirosis in yichang prefecture .
it was 10-13 years for one cyclic epidemic . the epidemic was high positive correlation with quantity of farm rats .
the leptospirosis vaccine was effect in controling the cyclic epidemic . the incidence rate ratio was 7.08 and mortality rate ratio was 3.17 .
it was a very well control measures that leptospirosis vaccine was made in long time on the epidemic area of leptospirosis .
the pcr products were digested by endonuclease hinf i.
to our viewpoint , this method could be applied to rapidly identify and preliminary classify leptospira interrogans and one of effective molecular epidemiological means .
aim : to evaluate the usefulness of biotin-dna probe / pcr system for post-control surveillance of bancroftian filariasis in mosquito .
under infectiosity of 1.6 filarial larvae / mosquito , it was detectable when 1 out of 50 mosquitoes was infected .
aim : to ascertain ecology , character and transmission of malaria in an.anthropophagus in hubei province .
there were two peaks in two rice harbests areas and one peaks in one rice harvest areas .
the vectorial capacity was 0.0667 which was 44.47 times as that of an sinensis .
aim : to demonstrate the existence of tsutsugamushi disease in hebei province .
an investigation was carried out . blood specimens were taken from the suspicious patients .
serological methods were used to detect antibodies and to determine serological type .
among those 14 suspicious patients , 4 men and 9 women were diagnosed as tsutsugamushi disease .
the cases of tsutsugamushi disease aged from 32 to 69 years .
the first case attacted on october 1 , 1997 . and the last one attacted on october 20 , 1997 .
oxk antibody of all the cases was positive , and its geometric mean titer ( gmt ) was 1 : 926.6 .
for the first time , cases of tsutsugamushi disease were discovered in taihang mountain area of hebei province .
the epidemiological factors and characteristics of tsutsugamushi disease are being studied .
npcr was used to detect o.tsutsugamushi dna in chigger mites and samples collected from artificial infected mice and field rodents .
two pairs of primer were synthesized on the basis of the dna sequence from sta 58kda group-specific antigen gene .
one of 29 ( 3.45 % ) blood clots and one of 112 ( 0.98 % ) spleen tissue from field rats were positive for 88bp dna fragment .
eight dna extracts from 39 ( 20.5 % ) chigger mites produced the predicted dna fragment .
the specimens of both blood clots and spleen tissues from the mice at day 3 of postinfection showed negative to the specific pcr product .
but positive at day 6 and 9 . conclusion : npcr has high sensitivity and specificity .
hence . the pcr assay is a useful tool to investigate the natural epidemic foci of scrub typhus .
ehrlichia chaffeensis ( ec ) 16s rrna was amplified for the 1st time from ixodes persulcatus and dermacenter silvarum in china .
to study on the correlation between the antigen of encleidae ( moth & caterpillar ) and allergic asthma .
the positive rates of them were 58.3 % and 8.2 % . conclusions : the allergic asthma may be caused by encleidae allergen .
the prevention and control of the desease must be puting attention to firstly in medical work .
to compare the effect of the two method integrated commensal rodent management with ecological measures playing a leading role and rodenticides only against commensal rodents .
the rodent density in rodenticide control area was under 3 % of the country standard for only eight months .
the effect of integrated commensal rodent management with ecological measures playing a leading role is better than that of only rodenticide against commensal rodents .
to explore effective measures for rat control at airport .
( 2 ) exterminate rats in an all-round and coordination way .
( 3 ) the combination of rodenticide dreatization and environmental management .
( 4 ) rattaus norvegicus which is a dominant species should be mainly controlled at this airport .
this paper was report the effect of using merchandise bait and no-merchandise bait ( apple , roast duck crust and wheat paddy et al ) in food enterprises .
the rate of bait expending for merchandise bait was lower than the no-merchandise bait ( p0.01 ) .
the mortalities in 24h were 93 % , 99.7 % , 97.6 % .
the bioassay shows that the knockdown rate was fastest that knockthrin 0.3 % coil to culex pipiens pallens .
the individual esterase activity filter paper test method and the pcr technical was used for monitoring resistance of musca domestica .
the ld50 resistance ratios to it were 118.3 , 59.7 , 34.7 and 12.8 for four field strains respectively .
12 trains involved in the investigation , 7 were infested with blattella germanica , the infestation rate was 58.3 % .
with 4 types of insectisides suchas aerosols , spray , poison bait and smokes , the killing rate of blattella germanica was 93 % .
the cockroaches in a sauce and pickles factory were investigated and controlled with chemical methods .
density investigation : stickcatch ; chemical methods : residual spraying and thermal fogs application .
the density index was 4.46 body / box * night . the american cockroaches were the predominant species which rate was 98.97 % in the whole captured cockroaches .
one week later after application , the density index was 1.29 body / box * night , the killing rate was 71.08 % ;
one month later after application , the density index was 0.93 body / box * night , the killing rate was 79.14 % .
the adult numbers declined remarkably , but the nymph rate ascended notably .
this moment , the emergence rate of flea was 99.48 % -100 % . the emergence lowest period was 1-4 monthes and 11-12 monthes .
the writers suggest that the flea in yichang should be included in the oriental region .
the present paper is the results of the studies of experimental infection and transmission of culex pipiens quinquefasciatus with dengue virus type 2 in laboratory .
icterohaemorrhagiae serogroups were the dominant serogroup .
all of the serogroups antibody in the throng of people in lower level .
to understand serological typing of tsutsugamushi disease occurred in hebei province .
serological typing of 12 cases of tsutsugamushi disease were identified as gilliam type . cross-reactions in the serological detection were found between gilliam , kato and karp type .
tsutsugamushi disease occurred in hebei province were gilliam serological type .
adopting methods of chemistry , physics and biology prevent and control comprehensively .
adopting the method of rat trace , 2 036 rooms had selectively examined and the positive rate of rat trace was 1.57 % .
by comprehensive prevention and controlling " four pests " incessantly , they could be controlled effectively .
tow new species of atrichopogon brevicercus group : atrichopogon ( atrichopogon ) brevicercus yan et yu sp.nov . and a. ( a. ) guttatus yan et yu sp.nov .
this paper reported the comparative study on three kinds of investigating methods , rodent trace , powered-spot as well as bait expending in 251 units .
the positive rate was 75.0 % with rodent trace methods , the positive rate was 62.14 % by powdered-spot .
the method used in fresh rodent excrement or rodent trace with powdered spot , will be correct to evaluate on rodent control quality and density of rodent investigation .
to get the results of killing mice indoors and in the filelds with chlorophacine .
to test the effectiveness by putting clips at night and observing every 5-7 metres of eaqual rank .
to observe the palatability of the different baits and the time of mice death .
to explore the development pattern of resistance in mus musculus to anticoagultant rodenticides .
the offsprings were fed on the same bait , and the survivors mated and bred in brother-sister , generation after generation .
the pressure of continued selection by anticoagulant rodenticides made the fitness and vitality of mus musculus population declined .
to investigate the effect of creating advanced district of deratization .
by powder method , rat trace method and rat clamp method .
in different environments , there were higher rat density values in key units .
hfrs morbidity in these districts decreased by 33.75 % during 2 years of poststandardization compared with that of prestandardization .
the 6 counties ( cities ) have been up to standard of advanced district of deratization .
in the present pater , the writers attempt to deal with the delimitation of the boundaries of zoogeographical regions of the mosquitoes fauna of yichang , hubei province .
the writers suggest that yichang be included in the oriental region .
this article is to find out the seasonal variation , the composition and the influent factor of common fly species in shanghai .
the result indicates that in the fifty years great changes have taken place in those .
now , the main species in shanghai is chrysomya megacephala , lucilia sericata , musca domestica , aldrichina grahami , muscina stabulans .
to analyse the resistance situation for house fly to insecticides in cities of jilin province from 1996-1998 , and work out the management strategies .
the house fly in cities of jilin province have already developed varied resistance to these five kinds of insecticides .
integrated methods to control german cockroaches , blattella germanica ( l. ) , were carried out in a shopping mall .
the rate of descent of cockroaches was over 95 % after two treatments with integrated methods .
40 hotels and restaurants was investigated in yichang .
there was 13 species of four pests inside . the predormant species was r.norvegicus of 3 rats . the predormant species was periplaneta fuliginosa of 3 roaches .
the predormant species was c.pipiens quinquefciatus of 3 mosquitos . the predormant species was m.domestica linnaeus of 4 flies .
the least reach-mark-ratio of four pests densities was rat density .
the reach-mark-ratio of antifly & anti-rat establishment was quite lowness ( 42.5 % and 37.5 % ) .
good anti-fly & anti-rat establishment is effective mesure that depress fly-density and rat-density .
this paper reported the killing effect of two insecticides for ticks control in mountain areas .
there was no significant difference between the effect of the two insecticides .
the result showed that chlorpyrifos and high-effect-cypermethrin can be used as effective insecticides for ticks control in mountain areas .
to synthesize a new type of repellant and determine its efficacy .
to synthesize the compound by ourself and make efficacy test against mosquitoes with man body and small white mouse as a object of test in laboratary and field .
the coefficients of variation for propoxur , permethrin and cypermethrin are 1.36 % , 0.41 % , 0.43 % respectively . the method is simple and accurate .
it was to further observe dynamic changes on proliferation of hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome virus ( hfrsv ) in gasmid mite .
the titres of hfrsv in gasmid mite were dynamic observed from cultured cells .
it was found by anti-mp / np mcab that the higher the titre of virus was , the higher the toxicity was .
the results demonstrate that the hfrsv could proliferate in gasmid mite and be transmitted by trans-stadial .
to probe into the incidence characteristics of hfrs in some flooded areas , provide basis for control measures .
to analysis the incidence of hfrs in 1998-1999 and take out rodent infestation monitoring .
surveillance of hfrs , rodent infestation monitoring , and control measures had been taken in time in flooded areas . the outbreak of hfrs was controlled completely .
studying on the character of is 1541 of yersinia pestis .
cloning ;
sequence .
the pcr map of 14 strains were basically the same . the southern blot map were different . they were divided into three types .
the distribution of is 1541 in yersinia pestis was different . it can be a gene marker and used in gene typing
we found that ticks distributed in south and north of yangtse river .
5 species , 3 genera and 1 family had been known in all of the province .
ticks population varied in different seasons .
they appeared in april , got top in may and june , slowly dropped down in august , and disappeared in october .
to understand the vector and host of tsutsugamushi disease ( td ) in certain village , hebei province .
rt was found on the smear and sections with livers and spleens from the inoculated mice .
the hosts of td in the epidemic focus are mainly rattus norvegicus and apodemus agrarius . the vector of td is leptotrombidium scutellare .
in addition , the levels of tnf , et , npy in iii stage were higher than those of i ~ ii stages .
these results showed that tnf , no , npy , nt , et and cgrp may play an important roles in the pathogenesis of essential hypertension .
exon with mutation was detected by direct sequence analysis .
the testing results show that : 1normal group dd , id iigene ratio are 0.17,0.6 , and 0.23 ;
to evaluate the effect of angina pectoris attack before infarction on the prognosis of acute myocardial infarction ( ami ) .
the angina attack before infarction can produce the ischemic preconditioning on myocardium that provides myocardium with definite protection .
to find out epidemiological characteristics and relevant factors of dm and igt in mountain areas of north guangdong province .
the prevalence rates of dm and igt in the mountain areas of north guangdong province were low in china .
to provide some information about effects of environmental factors except smoking on developing copd .
the questionnaire , lung function test were conducted .
there was no significantly difference of age , education and smoking index between two groups .
occupational exposure such as grain dust ( or = 1.63 ) , chemicals ( or = 11.77 ) were also associated with copd .
to study the changes of the burden of disease on stroke during the 7 years after comprehensive intervention in tianjin urban residents .
the burden of disease on stroke was measured by d aly , the indicator introduced by world bank , using mortality , morbidity and other parameters .
comprehensive intervention activities have achieved success in reducing the burden of disease on stroke , especially in females .
to describe and compare the complete remission ( cr ) rates of acute leukemia during first hospitalization in secondary and tertiary hospitals .
in shanghai , the patients with acute leukemia treated in tertiary hospital were more likely to get a complete remission than those treated in secondary hospital .
the mono-factor and multi-factor analysis were conducted on 909 case-control pairs of lung cancer , liver cancer and breast cancer .
the results showed that the risk factors of lung cancer were smoking , air pollution , occupational risk , the history of respiratory system diseases and psychological factors etc.
to evaluate the risk of the ischemic stroke triggered by respiratory infection .
meta-analysis .
these 2 strata were homogenous respectively by means of homogeneity test .
respiratory infection was the most important infectious disease for ischemic stroke ictus .
in order to explore the relationship between meteorological factors and cardio-cerebral-vascular diseases .
the risk of myocardial infarction was increased when the amplitude of daily pressure raised larger than 5 mmhg ( p = 0.02 ) ;
on the contrary , the risk of cerebral hemorrhage was increased when amplitude of daily atmospheric pressure reduce larger than 5 mmhg ( p = 0.011 ) ;
different from them , either the high atmospheric pressure or the low atmospheric pressure was the risk factor of cerebral-vascular infarction .
the incidence of cordial-cerebral-vascular diseases were related to the meteorological factors . high atmospheric pressure , high wind speed and low temperature were risk factors to chd .
daily change of atmospheric pressure affected the incidence of cerebral vascular disease .
to explore the abnormal circadian variation of blood pressure and its association with the decreased heart rate variability ( hrv ) in hypertensive patients .
to study whether nifedipine treatment might increase incidence of cardiovascular events for hypertensive .
events of stroke and coronary heart disease ( chd ) including ami and coronary sudden death were recorded .
the results suggested that cardiovascular risk be not increased by nifedipine therapy . nifedipine could be use as a first-line antihypertensive drug .
multi-stage cluster random sampling was used in the survey . the epi-info 6.0 and spss software were used for data inputting , cleaning , and statistics analyzing .
the prevalence rate of smoking of males in the intervention sites was 52.2 % , significance lower than it in the control area in 1996 .
the project intervention activities have a great effectiveness .
suggestion : the related department of government should take action to make policies to enhance intervention of non-communicable chronic disease and its related risk factors among whole population .
to determine the effect of serum selenium concentration on coronary heart disease ( chd ) .
poly-channel optical spectrum sweeping instrument was used to determine the serum selenium in 186 patients with chd and 186 cases of controls .
the results showed that low serum selenium should increase the risk of chd .
meanwhile , we observed the disorders of lipid metabolism in the patients with eh , chd and dm .
the results suggest that cerebral apoplexy is associated with eh , chd and dm .
disorders of lipid metabolism and atherosclerosis are common pathologic changes .
they may coexist and aggravate each other , it is important to make early diagnosis , treatment and prevention of these diseases .
the factor , which was positively correlated with uaer of igt group , was only sbp .
to study the quality of the survivals of diabetes and its influencing factors .
184 cases of diabetes and 200 controls were examined with who quality of survival-100 in xi 'an .
the influencing factors of survival of diabetes were age , health and family care .
to analyze psychological symptoms and characteristics in the patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma ( npc ) .
2compared with two control groups , the patients with npc showed significantly higher in depression and anxiety degree .
the prevalence of depression and anxiety in npc group were significantly higher than those in the two control groups .
to study the impact of the chronic diseases on the ability of daily life in the elderly of guiyang city .
the indexes of the ability of daily life were physical activities of daily living ( adl ) and instrumental activities of daily living ( iadl ) .
the non-conditioned logistic regression model was used in analy-zing the effect of some chronic diseases on the ability of daily life in the elderly .
the prevalence rate of chronic diseases was 57.8 % . the rates of function disability for adl and iadl were 9.4 % and 23.2 % , respectively .
it also showed that there was different distribution of chronic diseases which affected the function disability in different areas .
the present study highlights the relationship between blood pressure and adolescent obesity of han-chinese and korean-chinese in yanbian area .
weight and bmi were tested to have the highest influence on relative high blood pressure in all physical variables .
the early prevention of relative high blood pressure and obesity must be included in the school health promotion in yanbian area as soon as possible .
to exeplore the community health demands for cardio-cerebro-vascular diseases and the population 's compliance to intervention measures of cardio-cerebro-vascular diseases in city communities .
over 90 % were affected by community movement of health education and health promotion .
there were statistical differences between the rates of health knowledge level and the rate of taking health-related behavior in the three-city communities .
of 770 high-risk people with hypertension and / or diabetes mellitus , 46.88 % regarded the community service station of hypertension and diabetes mellitus as a helpful way .
the incidence of ai in mi patients with hypertension is higher than that of ai in mi patients without hypertension ( p < 0.05 ) .
in chinese patients with mi , ais are fairly common . hypertension is the risk factor for ai in patients with mi .
the purified changing was 92.3 % in men and 82.8 % in women reflecting to the control .
the intra-person correlation coefficient is 0.900 9 .
strictly according to the qc throughout the bg measurement , we can get the precise and reliable data .
to deplore the relationship between helicobacter pylori ( hp ) infection and stomach neoplasm .
65 cases of living stomach mucosas were detected by the combination of rapid urease test , histology and molecular biology tests .
the results showed that tuberiz ation of the cultivars are all inhibited and that of atlantic was inhibitited the most .
the cultivars reacted differently to different levels of ba at high temperature . no tuber was formed at 2 % sucrose at high temperature .
in this paper the high efficient technology of virus-free minit uber production of potato under cold condition in the cold area of northwestern hebei was studied .
when the shoots reached 1.0 ~ 1.5cm high , they were transferred into liquid medium containing 100mg / l kanamycin to select by rooting .
the em ulsifying capacity of potato protein concentrates could be as good as soy protein if appropriate experimental conditions were employed .
the foaming capacity of potato protein concentrates were similar to that of soy protein .
the pattrn of giemsa c-banding is singleness , all of longer arms are centrometric dot-band , while all of shorter arms are full band .
the basic number of chromosome of boehmeria nivea l. is studied .
mannose is a good c-source for t85-260 .
the above results should be testified by ramie degumming process .
the result showed that ganzhu 3 was the best strain .
in addition , the possibility of applying the grey relational grade analysis to selection of ramie varieties is also discussed .
to investigate the comorbidity of chronic alcoholism , malnutrition , and liver dystunction .
as for pa , zn and vb1 , deficiency in the former is more serious than that in the latter .
the level of glulsmyl-transpeptidase ( ggt ) may be a relatively sensitive index for assessing whether chronic alcoholism is accompanied by liver function abnormality .
to evaluate the peri-operative sequential changes in patients in nutritional status .
however , the serum levels of iron , transferrin and tibc did not return to normal in the third post-operative week .
to evaluate rationality and clinical significant of different nutrition surpport in the cases of serious cerebral injuries .
gn eliminated rapidly in patients ' bodies , in 4 h after administration with more than 95 % gn and met of total elimination quantity .
it will not store up in patients ' bodies , and it is a safe drug .
aim : to evaluate the clinical effect of testosterone propionate , mifepristone combined with misoprostol in the treatment of missed abortion and their correlation factors .
to compare the effects of sotalol and mexiletine in treating ventricular premature beats .
sotalol was administered in doses of 80 mg bid po , and the maximun doses were 160 mg bid po .
in control group 30 patients received mexiletine 150 mg tid po , its maximum doses were 200 mg qid po .
the total effective rate was 83.33 % in sotalol , and was 73.33 % in mexiletine . it was no significant difference between 2 groups .
the 2 drugs have same effects on ventricular premature beats .
aim : to study the therapeutic effects of fructose 1,6-diphosphate ( fdp ) in treating viral myocarditis in children .
in fdp group , fdp was administered at a dose of 100-250 mg / kg by intravenous infusion daily for 10-14 d ;
the therapeutic effects of the fdp group were better than those of the control group ( p < 0.01 ) .
the treatment of viral myocarditis in children with fdp reveals fairly well therapeutic effects .
aim : to investigate the effects and safety of the therapy with intravenous drip of isosorbide in patients with unstable angina pectoris ( uap ) .
thirty patients with uap received intravenous drip of isosorbide ( 30-40 mg , 80-150 g/min ) once a day , and the course of therapy was 10 d.
the patients in control group received intravenous drip of nitroglycerine .
aim : to study the bioavailability of amoxicillin soluble tablets .
aim : to study the in vitro preventive effect of ginkgo biloba extracts ( egb761 ) on myocardial ischemic reperfusive injury in sd rats .
the myocardia of the rats were tested by the electron microscope .
it is suggested that egb761 could prevent the myocardial ischemic reperfusive injury in sd rats .
flavone a from skullcap has anti-tumor activity in vitro and could enhance the cytotoxicity of antitumor drugs .
aim : to study the transepithelial transport mechanism of ag337 in caco-2 cell culture model .
the transepithelial transport rate and intracellular accumulation of ag337 were determined by change the concentration , temperature and using appropriate inhibitor .
p-glycoprotein mightily effects on ag337 transepithemlial transport .
a cell concentration ( 10 6/ml ) was prepared by using volunteers ' peripheral blood anticoagulated with heparin .
it was found that fructus lycill and rhizoma atractylodis macrocephalae showed remarkable enhancing effects on the expression of il-2 receptor .
the results suggest that 4 chinese crude drugs have immunoregulatory effects on immunologic functions .
aim : the method of qualitative and quantitative analysis was found to measure the compound rhubarb xiye for the prupose of controlling the quality .
the emodin in the compound rhubarb xiye was determined as an index by tlc method .
this method is convenient and exact for the determination of emodin in the compound rhubarb xiye .
aim : to establish a reversed-phase high performance liquid chromatogrphy ( hplc ) method to determine the concentration of sparfloxacin in patient 's plasma .
the hplc cloumn was 150 mm 4.6 mm id ( ywg pr-c18 , 10 m ) .
from 36 sex patients , the range of the plasma drug concentrations was between 0.38 g/ml and 1.80 g/ml at 12 h after taking 200 mg sparfloxacin orally .
conclu-sion : the rp-hplc method is accurate , sensitive , simple , and rapid . it is applicable to determine the concentration of sparfloxacin in human plasma .
treatment effect of zinc acexamate for chronic gastritis and peptic ulcer with positive hp were observerd .
eradication rate of hp in treatment group was significantly higher than that of control group ( p < 0 . 05 ) .
aim : to observe the clinical effect of prostaglandin e1 ( pge1 ) on treating aggravating chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) .
the effective rate that clinical sympton and sign of the patients from pge1 group was improved was higher than that from the control group .
aim : to observe the effect of " cholineq + piracetam " to treat age-associated memory impairment ( aami ) .
the effect was evaluated with mq ( wms , 436 cases ) and light reaction time ( 60 cases ) .
there was significant difference of mean value of wms increment between " choline + piracetam " 11.19 12.13 and placebo 5.55 8.78 , ( p < 0.01 ) .
significant decrement of simple and chose light ( red and green ) reaction time was observed between treatment and placebo group .
no significant side effects were observed .
" choline + piracetam " may increase mq , decrease light reaction time . it is effective to improve memory function in the elderly .
aim : to study the changes of artherosclerosis plaque on carotid artery in the elder after treating with prostaglandin e1 ( pge1 ) .
pge1 has a special effect in the treatment of artherosclerosis plaques .
aim : to compare the efficacy of domestic isosorbide 5-mononitrate ( is-5-mn ) with that of imported isosorbide dinitrate ( isdn ) in patients with angina pectoris .
the total clinical ffective rate was 92 . 0 % , ecg effective rate was 57.0 % for domestic group ;
and 83.3 % and 53.3 % respectively for imported group , and is-5-mn improved left ventricular function .
the effects of domestic isosorbide 5-mononitrate and imported isosorbide dinitrate are similar .
aim : to evaluate the effect of metronidazle ( met ) on infectious root canal .
the successful rate was 90 % in test group and 68 % in control group respectively . there were remarkable differences between 2 groups .
met shows obvious therapeutic effects on infectious root canal .
by using high performance liquid chromatography ( hplc ) with electrochemical detector to measure the contents of monoamine transmitters and their metabolites .
there arc certain effects on the level of the monoamine transmitters by 7 d imi combining use with nim .
aim : to study the pharmacokinetics of domestic tosufloxacin .
both domestic and imported tosufloxacin tablets were given orally at a single dose of 300 mg to 8 healthy volunteers in a randomized crossover way .
the pharmacokinetics of domestic and imported tosulfloxacin is similar .
blood samples and appendix tissues were obtained during operation .
64.3 % ( 9/14 ) of appendicitis patients with conservative treatment was cured .
no adverse effects on hepatic , nephritic and hearing functions were found .
net appears to be effective and safe for the treatment of appendicitis and the prophylaxis of the wound infection after appendectomy .
aim : to compare the curative effect of prostaglandin e1 ( pge1 ) with troxcrutin on acute cerebral infarction .
aim : to compare the antihypertensive effects of lacidipine and losinopril in patients with essential hypertension .
lacidipine and lisinopril once daily are effective , safe and well tolerated in mild to moderate hypertensive patients .
aim : to investigate the effect of ginkgo biloba extracts ( egb761 ) on platelet function in patients with chronic pulmonary heart disease .
the expression of cd41 and cd62p on platelet membrane was detected by flow cytometry method in egb761 and control group patients before and after treatment , respectively .
egb761 can be used to inhibit the activation of platelet . antiplatelet therapy is applicable for chronic pulmonary heart disease .
aim : to observe the effects of penetration enhancers on transdermal of cyclosporin a ( csa ) .
using pretreatment method , permeation tests were performed in a modified franzdiffusion cell through excised mouse skin in vitro .
in vitro , penetration enhancers could increase the percutaneous transport of csa .
aim : to evaluate the result of antibiotics treatment in patients with infective endocarditis ( ie ) so as to improve the treatment .
one hundred and eighty-seven ie cases hospitalized at guangdong provincial hospital were retrospectively analysed .
penicillin , cephalosporins , aminoglycosides and 4-quinolones were the most commonly used among different antibiotics .
the most common 2 drugs used in patients with ie were penicillin g and amikacin .
drugs utilization index ( dui ) of these antibiotics were 40.1 , except oxacillin .
penicillin combined with aminoglycosides was the most frequently used antibiotic in different therapeutic protocols .
aim : to evaluate the cost-utility of cefepime vs ceftazidime for medium and severe pneumonia .
ceftazidime group ( 58 patients ) received ceftazidime 1 g for medium pneumonia and ceftazidime 2 g , iv gtt , bi 7-10 d for severe pneumonia .
the total effective rates in 2 groups were 88 % and 79 % , respectively ( p > 0.05 ) .
cefepime was more effective in improving patients ' quality of life than ceftazidime in the duration of therapy .
cefepime therapy can save about 3 800 yuan rmb per patient in the medical expenditure .
intravenous instillation of cefepime is more cost-effective than ceftazidime in the treatment of patients with medium or severe pneumonia .
aim : to study the effects of bezafibrate in the treatment of hyperlipidemia patients .
fifty-three patients of hyperlipidemia were given domestic bezafibrate 200 mg , tid , po for 8 wk .
twenty patients were given imported bezafibrate 200 mg orally , tid , for 8 wk .
after bezafibrate administration , glucose metablism was improved .
bezafibrate made in our country is effective and safe in treatment of hyperlipidemia as imported bezafi-brate .
one hundred and sixteen patients with acute myocardial infarction were randomly received either indapamide ( 58 cases ) or placebo ( 58 cases ) .
e/a velocity ratio , s/d velocity ratio , s/d wave amplitude ratio , and ef increased marked-ly .
lvdv , lvsv , ar / a time ratio , and ar-wave amplitude decreased significantly ( p < 0.01 ) .
aim : to observe the curative effect in treatment of acute cerebral infarction with sodium ozagrel .
we judged the clinical nervous function and defect degree before and after 14d treatment according to the nervous defect standard ( nds ) to analyse the cura-tive effect .
these results suggest that sodium ozagrel is an effective and safe medicine in the treatment of acute cerebral infarction .
aim : to evaluate the efficacy and safety of cefepime in treating hospital-acquired respira-tory tract infections in elderly .
the cefepime has a good efficacy and safety for treatment of hospital-acquired respiratory tract infections in el-derly .
the results suggested that it maybe take an important role to increase no levels and decrease et-1 levels for baoxin capsule to promote the myocardia from ischemic damage .
aim : to investigate the effect of losartan , a nonpeptide antagonist of at1 receptor , on neointima formation after balloon injury to rabbits ' iliac arteries .
however , the latter was weaker ( p < 0.05 ) . conclusion : losartan could prevent the neointimal proliferation following balloon injury to iliac artery in rabbits .
aim : to study the bioavailability and steady-state pharmacokinetics of sustained release pseudoephedrine ( pse ) tablet .
a single dose or multi-dose of pse was given to 12 healthy volunteers . plasma levels were determined by high performance liquid chromatogrphy .
the relative bioavailability of sustained release pse was ( 100.3 7.496 ) % .
the sus-tained release pse tablet can release for 24 h , and is the same effective as the conventional pse tablet with 60 mg q6 h.
the pharmacokinetic parameters are similar to those reported .
aim : to study the pharmacokinetics and relative bioavailability of simvastatin capsule and tablet .
aim : to compare the pharmacokinetics and relative bioavailability of diflunisal tablet and capsule in humans .
auc0 t = ( 434.33 53.31 ) and ( 428.55 68.00 ) mg h/l , respectively .
the relative bioavailability of diflunisal tablet was ( 102.22 8 . 94 ) % , compared with diflunisal capsule .
the result of statistical analysis shows that the 2 formulations are bioequivalent .
aim : to develop high performance liquid chromatography ( hplc ) method for the deter-mination of josamycin in serum .
the uv detector was set to 232nm . results : standard curve ranged from 0.05 to 3.20 g/ml , = 0.999 8 .
the relative standard devia-tions of intra-day and inter-day was 6.17 % ( n = 5 ) and 6.62 % ( n = 5 ) respectively .
aim : to determine valproic acid in serum by high performance liquid chromatography ( hplc ) .
the method is accurate and sensitive , suitable for therapeutic drug monitoring ( tdm ) and pharmacokinetic study of valproic acid .
the dosage of cefazolin was 70 mg / kg and add to 250 ml of normal saline and to intravenous drip for 30 min .
aim : to study adsorption of 5 cardiovascular drugs by disposable syringe in iv adminis-tration via micro-pump .
both drugs were used on the surface of the skin 2 times a day for 6 weeks .
the patients in both groups could tolerate the treatment .
the results showed that the total effective rates of group a , band cat 2 weeks were 80 % , 83 % and 90 % , respectively .
the response rates and total effective rates at 3 days in group a and c were significantly higher than those for group b ( p < 0.05 ) .
when the pure enantiomer was administrated alone , the clearance of s- propafenone was higher than that of r- propafenone ( p < 0.001 ) .
dosage modifications are probably not required in patients receiving racemic propafenone , but it must be used cautiously for some treatment of arrhythmia .
l-1and 8.33 3.62 mg .
l-1 , t1 / 2 2.39 0.43 hand 2.20 0.45 h for capsules and tablet respectively .
following multiple dosing , the mean steady state cmax were 25.81 7.12mg .
l-1 and 41.21 10.04mg . l-1 , cmin were 7.19 1.84mg . l-1 and 5.59 1.62mg
serum concentration of bifemelane was measured by hplc .
the pharmacokinetic parameters obtained from our studies showed no significant difference between two tablets , p > 0.05 .
the relative bioavailability of domestic and imported tablets was 98.96 23.41 % , which demonstrated that both formulations are bioequivalent .
in this study , we tested the effects and mechanisms of propentofylline on human neutrophils .
the neutrophils were stimulated by fmlp ( formyl-metleuphe ) and hydrogen peroxide was determined by the luminol amplified chemiluminescence .
this effect could be a mechanism of the protective effects of propentofylline on the ischemia of brain and heart .
the application of stable isotope tracer technique has rapidly increased in clinical pharmacokinetic studies over the past two decades .
in fact , new findings have revealed vasodilator and anti-hypertensive actions of angiotensin- ( 1-7 ) in animals and humans .
these notes introduce the definition , criteria of diagnosis and selection for alzheimer 's disease .
the main goals of ad treatment are established : symptomatic improvement , slowing or arrest , primary prevention .
it suggests making assessment in various areas by many kinds of instrument .
nearly half of the subjects in each group were investigated the efficacy after one-dose administration .
the clinical efficacy of the tested group after 1-week duration was similar to the control group , and so was the lung function efficacy .
after 6-week treatment , the clinical efficacy rate was 82.9 % which was better than that of the control group .
and the lung function efficacy rates were 90.8 % and 82.1 % respectively in the two groups .
the investigation on one-dose administration suggested the study drugs had the characteristics of sustained releasing .
the rate of adverse drug reactions of studied theophylline-ketotifen compound tablets was 7.7 % .
the study showed that the patients in clonidine group required less morphine , and were more sedated with lower anxiety score .
in addition , the haemodynamic parameters and stress hormones were more stable in clonidine group .
this study demonstrated the efficacy of transdeimal clonidine as an adjunct for pca .
a double-blind randomized controlled clinical study of efficacy and safety of oxytocin nasal spray was conducted compared with placebo nasal spray .
in test group , excellent rate was 41 % , improved rate 37 % , failure rate 22 % , the efficacy 78 % ;
and in control group , excellent 6 % , improved 23 % , failure 71 % , the efficacy 29 % .
there was a significant statistic difference between two groups ( p < 0.01 ) .
there was no difference in the incidence of coronary restenosis betwween both groups ( 40.9 % vs 38.5 % , p > 0.05 % ) .
the results suggest that pravsatatin decreases the occurrence of cardiac events though it dose not reduce the incidence of coronary restenosis .
the main pharmacokinetic parameters are as follows : cmax of losartan ( hangzhou-msd ) and losartan ( u.k.-merck ) are 352.20 196.09 and 291.20 124.41m g
l-1 , tmax are 0.91 0.38 and 1.33 0.69h , auc0- $ are 547.44 226.77 and 499.52 157.31 m g
h l -1 , t1 / 2 are 1.89 0.49 and 1.80 0.51h , respectively ;
cmax of e-3174 ( hangzhou-msd ) and e-3174 ( u.k.-merck ) are 545.07 150.49 and 534.02 142.88m g
l-1 , tmax are 3.15 1.07 and 3.37 0.66h , auc0- $ are 3641.57 637.17 and 3631.72 687.94 m g
h l -1 , t1 / 2 are 8.33 2.05 and 7.74 1.22h , respectively .
according to statistic study , the differences of two parameters , cmax and tmax of unchanged losartan between two formulations are significant , but auc0- $
? ? of unchanged losartan and three parameters , cmax , tmax and auc0- $ ? ?
of e-3174 show no significant difference between two formulations .
pharmacokintic parameters of cav were : tmax 0.96 0.37 and 1.06 0.50h ;
cmax2.13 0.44 and 2.69 0.99mg l-1 ; t1 / 2 1.27 0.19 and 1.28 0.32h ;
auc 5.38 0.83 and 5.66 1.04 mg h l-1 .
-dimethoxy daidzein as internal standard .
the analytes were determined by fluorescence detection ( 315 / 410 nm ) with a linear range of 50 ~ 2000 g
l-1 and assay relative error within 4.5 % .
within-day and between-day precisions were within 8.6 % and 5.2 % , respectively .
cmax were 1532.3 481.8 and 1588.2 822.2 g l-1 ;
t1 / 2 were 4.82 2.18 and 4.47 1.77 h ; auc0-t were 6872.8 2575.1 and 6942.2 3747.8 g
according to auc0-t , the relative bioavailability of capsule of gliquidone was 103.8 15.7 % .
the results of statistical analysis showed that the two formulations were bioequivalent .
inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry ( icp / ms ) was used for the determination of bismuth in all the bio-samples .
one open compartment model was fitted to the concentration-time curve .
the pharmacokinetic parameters of domestic and imported preparations were as follows : & 127 ; cmax 121.36 27.38 g.
l-1 , 124.40 41.22 g. l-1 ; tmax 1.52 1.10h , 1.40 1.02h ;
auc0-t 495.62 212.90 h. g. l-1 , 467.29 146.26h .
g. l-1 .
the pharmacokintics and bioavailability were studied .
the results showed that the plasma concentration-time curves of the two products were all fitted to two-compartment model .
the results demonstrated that the two preparations were bioquivalent .
the peak plasma levels ( cmax ) of alfuzosin hydrochloride domestic drug and imported drug were 39.79 5.29 and40.05 5.88 g
h
mtt was used to evaluate the effect of csa on the inhibition of proliferation of keratinocyte line ;
the quantitation of dna fragment and flow cytometry were used to investigate apoptosis and rt-pcr was used to determine the expression of bcl-2 mrna .
the results showed that csa ( 10-4g l-1 ) started to inhibit the proliferation of cell line and the inhibiting effect increased following the increase of the dose .
csa can inhibit the proliferation and induce apoptosis of the keratinocyte line . the mechanism of inducing apoptosis may associate with bcl-2 .
there are a number of specifical antibacterials under investigation .
2 . carbapenems . characteristics of new marketing penipenem , meropenem and developing biapenam were recounted . 3 .
penems .
drug metabolism is an important part of pharmacokinetics . it has been paid more attention in worldwide studies and great progress has been achieved .
as normal clinical therapeutic agents , antiarrhythmic drugs have their special metabolism characters .
we study the safety and efficacy of continuous estriol suppository in treatment of postmenopausal urogenital atrophy .
there were 4 patients with endometrial thickness more than 5mm , two endmetrial assessments revealed proliferative endmetrium .
the dosage of loracarbef was 400mg twice a day and the one of controlled drug was 375mg to 750mg three times a day .
the results showed that the overall efficacy rates were 93.8 % for loracarbef group and 90.3 % for the controlled group ;
whereas the bacterial efficacy rates for -lactamase-producing strains was 94.4 % and 83.8 % , the overall bacterial clearance rates was 88.9 % and 87.3 % , respectively .
the results showed that there was no statistical difference between two groups ( p > 0.05 ) .
the incidence of adverse drug reaction rates was 2.90 % and 11.59 % , respectively . there was statistical difference between two groups ( p < 0.05 ) .
aim to evaluate the clinical efficacy and safety of levofloxacin .
a prospective randomized-controlled clinical trial was carried out .
levofloxacin as a trial drug was given administered 200 ~ 300mg , twice a day by iv . infusion .
ciprofloxacin as a control drug was given 200-400mg , twice a day by iv . infusion .
the treatment lasted for 7-14 days .
there were no statistic difference . conclusion levofloxaxin is a safe and effective drug in the treatment of infections of the respiratory , urinary and alimentary tract .
to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ramipril in chinese patients with mild to moderate essential hypertension .
ambulatory blood pressure monitoring ( abpm ) was performed during a 4-week period and clinical blood pressure was measured during a 24-week period .
90mmhg .
the antihypertensive effect was maintained from 4 weeks to 24 weeks . heart rate was unaffected in any treatment group .
the adverse effects in both groups were very mild .
there were 131 cases in famciclovir group and 129 cases in acyclovir group , total 260 cases .
the results : the times to stop vesiculation were 2.82 1.76 ( d ) for patients receiving famciclovir and 4.01 2.48 ( d ) for patient receiving acyclovir .
the times to resolution of acute-phase pain of famciclovir were 9.15 3.94 ( d ) vs.
available clinical data indicate that famciclovir is an effective and welltoleration agent for treatment of herpes zoster .
both drugs were used one to two drops each time and 3 times a day for hacf a gear .
two hundred and one outpatients with mycologically confirmed vaginal mycosis were included in the study .
the cost per symptom-free day was estimated as 33 rmb yuan in clotrimazole group and 60 rmb yuan in control group .
the results showed that cmna distributed and eliminated rapidly in patients , and its cmax and auc are directly proportional to doses .
the research is going on to test the internal chemistry / molecular interaction between quinolones and bpaa .
a microbiological assay was used to determine erythromycin ethylsuccinate concentrations ( calculated on erythromycin ) in plasma over 12 hours after dosing .
the main pharmacokinetic parameters were as follows : t1 / 2 2.41 0.31h , 2.31 0.31h ;
tmax 0.72 0.29h , 0.91 0.40h ;
cmax 1.18 0.50 mg . l-1 , 1.08 0.42mg .
l- 1 ;
auc0 ~ 12h4.12 1.53 mg . h. l-1 3.85 1.36mg . h.
the results of statistical analysis showed that the two formulations are bioequivalent .
after taking a single oral dose 1.5g two preparations , the auc0 & reg ;
$
$ , tmax and cmax of amoxicillin and dicloxacillin between the two formations and the two preparations were bioequivalent .
the concentration-time curves of two preparations fitted to a two-compartment model .
the relative bioavailability data obtained in the study furnished definite proof of bioequivalence of both domestic irsogladine maleate tablets and imported irsogladine maleate tablets .
the relative bioavailability of the test drug was 97.3 5.9 % .
the pharmacokinetics of epalrestat were investigated after single and multiple oral doses of 50mg of epalrestat in 10 healthy volunteers ( male 5 , female 5 ) .
multiple-dose regimens used 8-hour dosing intervals for 10 doses .
plasma epalrestat concentrations were measured using high-performance liquid chromatography .
the pharmacokinetic parameters obtained from single-dose study were as follows : tmax = 2.25 0.95h , cmax = 4104.91 849.87m g.
l-1 , auc = 13016 2865.4 m g.h . l-1 , t1 / 2b = 1.11 0.35h .
the steady-state pharmacokinetic parameters were : tmax = 2.00 1.03h , cssmin = 181.3 81.1m g.
the absorption rate and elimination rate of epalrestat were not changed after the multiple oral administration .
cmax were 479.4 171.5 and 456.4 173.9 g l- 1 ; auc0-t were 4309.4 1549.9 and 4119.5 2018.8 g
l-1
h , respectively . there was no statistically significant difference for benproperine between the two formulations on pharmacokinetic parameters .
in vitro drug release profiles were determined in 900ml of water by paddle method at the spead of 50 r
in adddition , -actin mrna levels were not different in each group .
aim to observe anoxia-reoxygenation damage to ventricular myocytes and the protective effects of tetramethylpyrazine on the damage in rats .
anoxia-reoxygenation had done harm to the rat ventricular myocytes .
aim to evaluate the protective effect of anti-digoxin antiserum on hypoxic injury myocardium and its mechanism .
the level of endogenous digitalis-like factor was remarkably higher , cell membrane atpase activity were remarkably lower in hypoxic group than those of normal group ;
aim adrenomelullin is a novel vasodilator with a potent hemodynamic effect on human arterioals . the interaction of adrenomedulling with vasoconstrictors in normal volunteers have not been investigated .
intraarterial infusion of norepinephrine and endothelin resulted 61 % and 73 % decrease of fbf , respectively .
combined infusion of low dose adm with high dose norepinephine or endothelin could abolish the vasoconstrictive effects of pre-mentioned vasoconstristors .
adm is a potent vasodilator . its vasodilation effect lasts 40 min after discontinuation of infusion .
in forearm resistance arteries , adm can abolish the vasoconstrictive effects of high dose norepinephrine or endothelin .
the activity of ca2 + -atpase was measured zymologically and calcium uptake was assayed with 45ca2 + isotope .
with the control group ca2 + -atpase activity and 45ca2 + uptake in the myocardial nuclei of tau group showed no significant changes .
the above results indicated taurine has notable protective effects on dysfunction of nuclear calcium transport in rat myocardium .
aim to investigate protective effects and mechanism of tpg on ischemia-like injury models .
couclusions 50 ~ 200 g.ml-1 tpg protected rat cortex cells from all injury models effectively in vitro .
the tolomerase activity of hl-60 cells declined during the course of differentiation and apoptosis induced by atra and ara-c .
these findings suggest that atra and ara-c can inhibit tolomerase activity of hl-60 cells .
it may be one of the important mechanisms of human promyelocytic leukemia cells differentiation and apoptosis induced by atra and ara-c .
aim to observe the antifibrotic effect of radis astragali and to explore the mechanism .
the fibrosis of animal model was induced with ccl4 , and the model animals were treated with radis astragali in treatment group and saline in control group respectively .
the serum hyaluronic acid ( ha ) , fibrosis score and icam-1-positive hepatocytes all the decreased in the treatment group as compared to those in the control group .
radis astragali has satisfactory effect on experimental fibrosis . the mechanism may be correlated with its affection on icam-1 in liver tissue .
aim to observe homoharringtonine ( hht ) distribution in eyeball tissue of rabbit .
harringtonine ( ht ) was used as internal standard .
the chromatography retention time of hht and ht were 6.35min and 4.70min .
the standard curve was linear in the concentration range of 5 ~ 200 g.
l-1 in serum and the relation coefficient was 0.994 .
hht can distribute to every eyeball tissue when it was injected in side of rabbit eyeball .
aim to study the actions of luofendeine and its component .
aim to compare the anxiolytic effects of reduced metabolite of progesterone and benzodiazepine .
aim to study relative bioavailablity of cefaclor effervescent tablets in healthy volunteers .
the result shows that two formulations are bioequivalence
the levels of plasma et and no before and after treatment were observed .
baoxinbao film can obviously improve the metabolic imbalance of et and no secretion , which results in the effective alleviation of angina pectoris in patients with sap .
this iso-induced acute myocardial ischemia model in rat has some significant advantages , for example , higher stability , good duplication , quickly filtrates , easily masters .
rats were randomly divided into 2 groups .
whole-cell patch-clamp was used to record ikatp .
cromakalim ( 1 mol . l-1 ) was shown to induce ikatp at the holding potential of -10 mv , 37 c.
moreover , addition of the dephosphorylating agent , butanedione monoxime ( 5 mmol . l-1 ) , to the bath also stimulated ikatp .
the mechanism of cromakalim opening ikatp is due to the inhibition of pka ( not pkc ) .
aim the effect of methyl polyglycoside ( mpg ) on cardiac hemodynamics in experimental heart failure cats was studied .
aim the protective effect and mechanism of tpg on pc12 cells in calcium overloading injury models were studied .
its actions may deal with anti oxidation , inhibition of no production and blocking of both types of calcium channel .
aim the effect of extracts of astralus ( ea ) on learning , memory and immune function of ctx treated mice was observed .
the step-down test was adopted to investigate learning and memory in mice ;
the method of enveloping crbc was adopted to explore the function of macrophage in abdominal cavity ;
3h-tdr marking method was used to observe the prolifernation of t lymphocytes and the method of elisa was applied to measure the concentration of ifn- in blood .
ea not only promote learning and memory , but regulate immune function .
wistar rat with hyperlipaemia models were given each hpe 0.4 ml ( 100 g ) -1.d-1 through lavage for 12 days .
the activies of lpo and sod in both blood and liver tissue were determined . the effect of hpe on lipidosis of liver were abserved by fat dyeing .
the levels of 6-keto-pgf1 , txb2 in plasma and maximum platelet aggregation rate were measured by elasa .
the levels of lpo in serum and liver tissue decreased obviously and sod activity increased ( p < 0.01 ) .
the lipidosis in liver was inhibited and adipose hollow space reduced obviously .
aim the relative bioavalability of hydrochloride eperisone granule in 10 healthy volunteers was studied .
the relative bioavalability of test drug was ( 105 5 ) % .
aim to examine the protective effects of allopregnanolone against seizure on different animal models .
in themes test , we found that pretreatment with the phenobarbital or allopregnanolone produced a dose-dependent protective effect against seizure .
the potency ( ed50 value ) of phenobarbital in themes test was 2.40 mg.kg-1 , with 95 % confidence interval range from 1.22 to 4.72 mg.kg-1 .
the potency of allopregnanolone in the picrotoxin seizure test was 0.123 mg.kg-1 , with 95 % confidence interval range from 0.058 to 0.263 mg.kg-1 .
allopregnanolone ( ip ) could protect different seizures in a dose-dependent manner , had a higher potency than phenobarbital , and had synergism with phenobarbital in themes test .
tea has significant therapeutic effects on aa rats , which might be related to its antioxidative effects
aim to ascertain whether defibrase has the protective effect against reperfusion injury after cerebral ischemia .
rats in the defibrase group were given defibrase 10 u
kg- 1 body weight via femonal intraveneous injection , and in the control group with the same amount of saline .
defibrase has protective effect against reperfusion injury post cerebral ischemia .
aim to investigate estradiol inhibition of neointimal proliferation after rat carotid artery balloon injury .
neointimal areas and media area , ratios of intimal areas / media areas were measured with computer .
estrdiol inhibits neointimal proliferation after the gonadectomy in rats undergoing carotid artery balloon injury .
aim the effect of tetrandrine on tgf- 1 mrna expression in glomerulosclerosis rat was observed .
tetrandrine can decrease the expression of tgf- 1 mrna in glomerulosclerosis rat induced by unilateral renctomy plus adriamycin .
the contractions induced by 5-ht kcl and ca2 + after high k + depolarization in the strips of porcine coronary artery were markediy inhibited by l-dicentrine .
l-d have significant relaxation on porcine coronary artery , which possibly has 5-ht receptor and histamine receptor .
kg-1 . thet1 / 2 ( ) was 6 ~ 12 min , k12 >
k21 . the mean t1 / 2 ( ) was ( 2.7 0.4 ) h , vd was about 11.18 l kg-1 .
the c-t profile conformed to two compartment open model .
the drug is eliminated non-linearly when the dosage is above 50 mg
kg-1 , auc was increased out of proportion .
aim to explore the effects of valsartan and benazepril on left ventricular hypertrophy ( lvh ) in spontaneously hypertensive rats ( shr ) .
kg-1 , of 24 mg
kg-1 and benazepril of 1 mg
the bp was decreased markedly ( p < 0.05 ) in shr fed with valsartan and benazepril .
the decrease of bp was more significant in shr fed with 24 mg
kg-1 than in those fed with benazepril and the difference was statistically remarkable ( p < 0.01 ) .
the traverse diameter of myocyte ( tdm ) of the shr treated with benazepril was lower than that in the controled groups .
the tdm and heart weight / body weight ( hw / bw ) of shr treated with valsartan 24 mg
kg-1 was much lower than those in the benazepril and control groups .
both benazepril and valsartan have effects of reversing lvh and decreasing bp .
the effect of valsartan depends to some extent on the doses given , and the strength of the effect of decreasing bp and reversing lvh is not congruent .
aim to observe the effect of extracts of ginkgo biloba leaves ( gbe ) on platelet adhesion and thrombosis .
the platelet adhesion was assayed by rotating glass-globe method .
the thrombogenesis method in artery-vein bypass was applied to observe thrombosis in vivo .
the chandler method was applied to induce thrombosis in vitro .
the tail bleeding time was recorded by shearing tail method .
gbe inhibits the platelet adhesion and thrombosis .
aim to observe the effect of ganquan 6 on mesenteric microcirculation in rats .
methods 21 wistar rats were randomly divided into 3 groups ( n = 7 ) .
the first group served as the controled , the other two groups were orally given ganquan 6 at doses of 1.5 g
kg-1 and 3.0 g
kg-1 for 10 days . 30 minutes after the last administration , all the rats were injected 2 ml
kg-1 sterile amniotic fluid via lingualis vena .
in the control group , amniotic fluid injection caused significant decreases in instant blood flow rate and blood flow ( p < 0.05 ) .
ganquan 6 can improve the microcirculation in rats with microcirculatory disturbance caused by decreasing blood flow rate and blood flow and strengthen anoxia_tolerance of cells .
aim to evaluate the influence of asthma and the effect of anti-inflammation therapy on the quality of life ( qol ) in allergic asthma patients .
after anti-inflammation treatment , the qol was significantly improved and the serum ecp was decreased ( p < 0.001 and p < 0.01 ) .
the patients were divided into control group and treatment group at random .
the concentration-time curves in diabetic rats were fitted to one compartment model in both glipizide and glipizide combined with ciprofloxacin groups .
after treatment of glipizide , or glipizide combined with ciprofloxacin , the blood glucose was 5.978 mmol
the effect of lowering blood glucose of glipizide combined with ciprofloxacin is better than that of glipizide alone .
aim the pharmacokinetics of rebamipide domestic and imported products in 27 patients with peptic ulcer was investigated .
cmax of domestic and imported rebamipide tablet were ( 0.56 0.24 ) and ( 0.59 0.29 ) mg
h l-1 . conclusion the pharmacokinetics of the two products are similar .
aim the bioequivalence of domestic nimodipine capsules and tablets in healthy volunteers was compared .
h- 1
the relative bioavailability of tested capsules to reference tablets was ( 99.3 13.1 ) %
both formulations are of bioequivalence .
to investigate the effect of ucn_01 ( 7_hydroxystaurosporine ) on cell migration and invasion ability of du_145 , an invasive human prostate cancer cell line .
it was found that ucn_01 at non_cytotoxic doses ( 100 nmol l- 1 ) significantly inhibited prostate cancer du_145 cell invasion and migration behaviors .
moreover , this anti_invasion and migration activity of ucn_01 was associated with an up_regulation of cell adhesion molecule e_cadherin .
these results indicate for first time that ucn_01 inhibits the invasion and migration of human prostate cancer cells .
to study the protective effect of total extract of astragalus ( tea ) on primary rat hepatocytes injured by ccl4 or h2o2 and its mechanism .
the results suggest that tea possess direct protective action on primary hepatocyte in vitro injured by ccl4 or h2o2 . these might be associated with its anti_oxidative activity .
tiaxiongbushen oral liquid is valuable in treatment of human impotence and prolongation of life span .
to investigate the effects of perindopril , an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor , on mean pulmonary arterial pressure ( mpap ) and pulmonary vascular remodeling .
to study effects of rhomotoxin ( rh ) on electrophysiologic parameters in rabbit heart .
l-1 or 0.68 mol . l-1 .
perfusing isolated heart with rh 0.34 mol .
to research the protective effect and mechanisms of taurine on myocardial ischemia and reperfusion injury in rats .
the rat models of niddm were made . the glut4 mrna expression in skeletal muscle was observed with northern blot method .
the serum insulin was determined by radioimmunoassay .
the change of insulin positive cell in islet was observed by immunohistochemistry .
the glut4 mrna expression in skeletal muscle in niddm rats was decreased to 45 % of that in normal rats ( p < 0.01 ) .
the relative bioavailability of domestic ibudilast sustained release capsules in healthy volunteers was observed .
ibudilast concentration in plasma was determined by hplc method .
to construct the general administrative aptitude test ( gaat ) for the government functionary .
reliability and validity of the gaat were examined by test-retest , group comparison , correlation and factor analyses .
the overall difficulty of the test was 0.538 , the discrimination of all items was over 0.20 .
there were two main factors revealed by factors analysis of the subscales , and four main factors by factor analysis of subtests .
there was obvious correlation between the gaat and caitg .
the structure of the gaat is reasonable , and its reliability and validity meet the need of psychometrics .
the fbg level in stz mice was elevated by stress , while the fins level was not increased .
economic status and cost played an important role in the quality of life of cancer patients .
to explore the effect of sleep deprivation on blood corpuscle and immunity .
the blood corpuscle and immunity of 20 healthy male adults was tested during and after 56 hours of sleep deprivation .
after 56 hours of sleep deprivation , increase in counts of wbc granulocytes and rbc ( p < 0.005 ) were found .
to study the cultural schema of chinese schizophrenic 's memory model and attributional tendency .
significant interaction between attribution and gender , and between gender , cartoon types , and attribution were found .
the attribution model of schizophrenics was the same as nonschizophrenics .
there existed differences in postsensory cognitive processing impairment between males and females , with more serious impairment in the female group .
to examine relationships between ways of coping and personality traits .
some of the test-retest reliability coefficients for wcrs were significantly lower than those for personality traits .
the use of ways of coping is associated with personality characteristics .
patterns of coping could change as time goes on , and therefore would not show more cross-situational consistency as personality traits .
to establish chinese norms and factor structure of panss in schizophrenic patients .
the panss raw scores were transferred into t score and percentile .
principal component analysis was used to examine the factor structure .
the five-factor model was supported by existing research , showing good consistency and interpretability .
to assess the reliability and validity of cognitive abilities screening instrument c-2.0 ( casi c-2.0 ) .
807 persons aged from 55 to 100 years were evaluated with casi c-2.0 .
casi c-2.0 has excellent reliability . on validity , comparing with mmse , casi c-2.0 has a better specificity , and a same sensitivity .
casi c-2.0 has excellent reliability and validity . it is worthy to be applied for both clinical and epidemiological surveys
to explore the influence of personality and other variables on the subjective well-being of the elderly .
a total of 346 urban elderly was sampled .
to investigate the applicability of the seven-axial diagnostic system for schizophrenic patients .
382 of these patients met the criteria of ccmd-2r for schizophrenia were analyzed .
to study the relationship between attributional style and parenting in adolescents .
no significant correlation was found between adolescents ' pessimistic attribution and parental overprotection .
to assess the effect of subjects for visiting condition on accurate of lie detection .
to evaluate the validity and reliability of the chinese version of alzheimer 's disease assessment scale ( adas ) .
correlational analysis was applied for examining reliability and internal consistency .
for all items , the values of kappa for inter-rater reliability were above 0.75 ( p < 0.05 ) .
adas was useful as a clinical instrument to evaluate the severity of alzheimer 's disease .
to examine niddm 's conceptual ability and its related physical and psychological factors .
middle-aged niddm patients had impairment in conceptual ability .
the hypo-perfusion of cerebral blood flow could be the possible explanatory mechanism . physical and mental factors can influence the patients ' conceptual ability .
data from 20 patients who diagnosed as having intractable temporal epilepsy by eeg and mr and received sle were analyzed retrospectively .
follow-up results demonstrated that satisfactory outcomes were obtained in all of these cases .
to facilitate calculating the angle between the ac-pc line and the stereotactic frame in ct guided stereotactic neurosurgery .
a computer software has been provided for simplifing the calculation in the applying of this method .
in this paper , the authors evaluated the clinical features and therapeutic methods for patients with intracranial hemangiob lastomas .
intracranial hemangioblastomas occurred more often in men than in women .
most of the tumors were located in cerebellum and the cystiform tumors we re most common in this series of patients .
both the ct and mri are helpful to diagnosis of this disease .
it is important to remove all the tumor nodes during the surgery in order to prevent its relapsing .
clinical data from 50 cases , who diagnosed as sah but their pan-angiography was negative , were analyzed retrospectively .
cryptic avms were detected by mri in 3 cases , of whom , 2 were verified during surgery .
exploratory surgery fornd that two patients had intracranial ruptured aneurysms , one had arterial ampulae and one had venous malformation in the midb rain .
to investigate the diagnosis and treatment of patients with intracranial cavernous hemangioma .
clinical data obtained from 16 cases of intracranial cavernous hemangiomas were analyze d and summarized .
the tumors were divided into three types : 1hemisphere type , 9 patients , their chief complaints were epilepsy ;
2middle cranial fossa type , 5 patients , their chief complaints were impairment of vision and abnormal movement of eyeball ;
3cerebellum type , 2 patients , their complaints were headache and vomiting .
ct scans showed the tumors were round or nearly round masses with high blood supply , but on angiogram examination the tumor 's blood supply was hardly found .
mr was helpful to make a correct diagnosis .
the purpose of this study was to see whether there was a significant loss of forebrain cholinergic neurons after experimental diffuse brain injury ( dbi ) .
morphological studies of cholinergic neurons were performed in serial sections using acetylcholinesteras e ( ache ) histochemistry staining method .
in comparism with the control group , the number of cholinerginc neurons was significantly decrease d in all the rats with dbi ( p < 0.01 ) .
decrease in the basal forebrain cholinegic neurons is probably one of the important patholgical changes in cognitive dysfunction after diffuse brain injury .
the authors pointed out that there were a lot of factors being related to the secondary damage to brain tissues after traumatic injures .
among these the disturbance of the mitochondria function might play an important role in the formation and evolution of brain edema .
objectives to analyse the possible causes of acute hydrocephalus occured early after operation for posterior cranial fossa tumors and evaluate the measures for prevention of this complication .
objectives to investigate the changes of tcd in patients with brain injuries and its relationship to the ct , gcs and outcomes of these patients .
the incidence and the degree of vasospasm were significantly higher in the severely injured group than that in those whose brain injury was relatively mild .
the significant negative corelation was present between tcd changes and ct findings ( p < 0.01 ) 6 ~ 8 , 13 ~ 15 days after brain injury .
to study the variations of interleukin-6 ( i l-6 ) in serum and cerebrospinal fluid ( csf ) of patients following severe brain in juries .
the increase in il-6 level was more marked in csf than that in the serum , and was closely correlated with the severity of the injury .
the il-6 level both in the csf and serum was significantly increased in patients with severe brain in jury .
the il-6 level in the cfs was positively correlated with that in the serum when the functions of blood-brain barrier were seriouly impaired .
the il-6 produced in the central nerve system probably played an important role in initiating the acute reactive phase following severe traumatic brain injury .
objectives according to its ct manifestation , classification of the severe brain injury was introduced and the retation between its c t types and prognoses was approached .
the ct dassification was helpful to early and correct assessment of the conditions and prognoses in the patients with severe brain injury .
to study levels of beta-trace protein ( -tp ) in the cerebrospinal fluid with oligodendroglioma patients and in the mediums of incubated rat oligodenderocyte .
human brain cell of oligodendroglioma and non-oligodendroglioma were analyzed by elisa .
the level of -tp in the cerebrospinal fluid with oligodendroglioma patients was 10 ~ 12 folds higher than that in the normal .
moreover , all of the incubated cells , including rat oligodenderocyte , human brain cell of oligodendroglioma and non-oligodendroglioma , could secret -tp .
however , there was a great difference in the level of -tp secreted and in the relation of -tp concentration and cellular proliferation among incubated carcinoma cells .
to explore characteristics of two non-immunoglobulin components with mass of about 10 kd and 14 kd proteins in healthy and patients with myasthenia gravis ( mg ) .
( 1 ) the patterns of serum proteins taken from 35 healthy and 61 mg patients were analysed by sds-page .
( 2 ) concentration of 10 kd protein in healthy and mg sera were determined by elisa with polyclone antibody .
( 3 ) the biological activity of 10 kd protein was determined by observing its effect on proliferation of mononuclear blood cells .
( 1 ) the ratio of scanning area of 10 kd to 14 kd could be taken as an auxiliary index for biochemical diagnosis of mg .
( 2 ) the 10 kd protein possessed a function of regulating healthy cellular proliferation .
to evaluate the occurrence of cdkn2 gene alterati , ons in tumors of central nervous system .
frequent homozygous deletions of the cdkn2 gene were detected in 81 cases of brain and spinal cord tumor resection specimens by pcr method .
the deletion rate of the cdkn2 gene was 60 % in gliomas and was significantly higher in high grade gliomas than in low grade gliomas .
the cdkn2 gene deletions were also detected in meningiomas , neurinomas , pituitary adenomas and metastatic carcinomas to a different degree .
cdkn2 gene loss might bear some relations to the tumor occurrence and transformation in central nervous system .
to detect the common region of loss of heterozygosity ( loh ) in human brain tumors .
high frequency of loh specified for chromosomal loci was associated with the inactivation of tumor suppressor genes .
to assess the expresion of bcl-2 and p53 proteins in brain after hypoxic-ischemic brain damage ( hibd ) as well as the relationship to apoptosis in the neonate .
apoptosis coexisted with necrosis after hibd by tunel , but apoptosis was a major form of cell death .
bcl-2 immunostaining ranged from week to intense ( + + ~ + + + ) in the brain of normal neonatal rat .
after hypoxia ischemia ( hi ) , a decrease or absence in immunoreactivity for bcl-2 in apoptotic and necrotic neurons was observed .
the expression of p53 immunoreactive protein was not detected in the brain of normal neonatal rat , but strong p53-immunoreactive was found in apoptotic and necrotic cells .
to observe the pathomorphological and neurochemical changes in ischemic brain for a long period , so that to find out appropriately therapeutic windows .
the changes of the level of lipid peroxides , nos activities , cerebral water content , etc. could give hint when we define the therapeutic window .
besides thromholysing effect , batroxobin can protect nerve system from ischemic damage when it is used in appropriate stage .
to investigate the role of apolipoprotein e ( apoe ) polymorphism in pathogenesis of ischemic cerebrovascular disease ( icvd ) .
apoe polymorphism showed no significant difference between patients and healthy controls , and no difference was found between patients with atherothrombotic stroke and those with lacunar infarction .
apoe polymorphism is not a risk factor for isehemic stroke .
to study the role of cd5 + b cells in the pathogenic mechanism of myasthenia gravis ( mg ) .
to evaluate basic fibroblast growth factor ( bfgf ) protecting neuron from acute ischemia .
bfgf can protect neurons from acute ischemia , it can also protect bcl-2 , bax proteins that are beneficial to ischemic cell surviving .
hypertension could harm the glycocalyx of middle cerebral arteries in rats in the same way .
these changes may take an important part in increased permeabililty of cerebral vessels and facilitation of fat deposits and atherogenesis .
to explore whether the visual pathway is involved in myasthenia gravis ( mg ) .
pattern reversal visual evoked potentials ( prveps ) were studied in 28 patients with mg and 30 age-matched controls .
visual pathway dysfunction was found in 32 out of 55 eyes examined .
potential iatencies ( pls ) and amplitudes ( amps ) of p100 were significantly longer or lower in mg as compared to that of normal control group .
the changes of pls and amps of p100 in mg are closely associated with the severity of mg , but not with sex or age .
rechecked prvep examinations of 10 patients show that the prvep changes could be improved after treatment .
to explore the value of compressed spectral array ( csa ) in analyzing routine electroencephalogram ( eeg ) .
the routine eegs of 40 normal persons and 30 patients with acute cerebral infarction ( aci ) were analyzed with csa .
csa is a useful device for eeg display , analysis and infarction location .
to elucidate the mechanism of neuron apoptosis induced by -ap and the protective effects of tetrohydroberberine .
1 . apoptosis of free hippocampal cultured neurons induced by -ap25-35 was observed morphologically . 2 .
hippocampal neurons were cultured by glass method and divided into six groups to observe the protective effects of tetrohydroberberine . 3 .
the conditions of cell survival were determined by mtt method .
4 . concentrations of free ca2 + in cells were assayed by fura-2 technology .
tetrohydroberberine protects neurons from apoptosis induced by -ap , which may be associated with the decrease of ca2 + concentration in cells .
to construct localizing systems of brain on axial and sagittal mri and specimens .
10 cases of normal brain specimens with axial and sagitta ] scans of se sequences were chosen on mri .
six special anatomical and marks on sagittal section of brain specimens were found and seven anatomic landmarks of axial sections of brain specimens were also recorded .
systems for localizing gyri and sulci are helpful to localize pathology and to choose operational methods
to observe the effect of protein kinase c ( pkc ) inhibitor ( dengzhanhua injection ) on neuronal apoptosis induced by cerebral isehemia/reperfusion .
cerebral ischemia / reperfusion could result in pkc translocational activation and neuronal apoptosis .
dengzhanhua injection could prevent above change induced by cerebral ischemia/reperfusion .
pkc inhibitor could prevent neuronal apoptosis induced by cerebral ischemia/reperfusion .
aim : protective effect of ngf on motor neuron was studied after peripheral nerve injury .
aim : to study the effect of dieldrin on dopamine ( da ) , serotonin ( 5-ht ) and their metabolites .
dieldrin ( 50 mg / kg body weight ) can decrease the concentrations of da and na in the striatum of mice .
aim : to study the role of nitric oxide synthase in the pathogenesis of epilepsy .
it was shownthat l-nna can block the development of the ptz-induced kindling rats significantly .
no energic neurons of the cerebralcortex and hippocampus in kindled rate are increased obviously .
no plays an important role in the development ofthe ptz-induced kindling rat .
aim : to discuss pre-operative localization of epileptic foci in intractable temporal epilepsy by eeg and mr.
[ ca2 + ] i was examined by an as-say system of ar-cm-mic , using fura-2 / am as a fluorescent indicator .
bulfomedil could inhibit increase of [ ca2 + ] i induced by ne andglu .
aim : to explore a new drug to treat the local reperfusion injury after rat cerebral ischemia .
the volumes of cerebral infarct were calculated withcomputer tomography .
a artificial synthetic e-selectin can effectively reduce the reperfusion injury after cerebral ischemia .
aim : to analyse the clinic manifestation of patients infected with cryptococcus neoformans in cns .
60cases had been analysed and counted .
the csf changes showed : no colour and turbidness , white blood cells wereraised , lymphocytes and mononuclears being prevailed ;
protein increased ; glucose and chloride were declined . cryptococcus neo-formans had been found with india-ink / hematoxylin-eosin staining .
the csf india-ink / hematoxylin-eosin staining is critical to diagnose .
followingischemia for 30 min , the expression of eaac1 mrna in cortex was obviously up-regulated .
aim : to explore whether the protein components have difference between normal and myasthenia gravis ( mg ) skeletal muscles .
levels of thedifferential protein band in normal and mg muscles were calculated by scanning and densitometry .
( 1 ) the volume of hematoma was reduced markedly in the treatmentgroups in 10 days after administration .
( 2 ) in the group of dextran low molecular , the volume of edema was decreasing in the4,10,21 day after treatment .
( 3 ) there is an obvious correlation between the ess / css and the volumes of hematoma and ede-ma .
dextran iow molecular and xueshuantong can improveperi-hematomal ischemia , absorption of hematoma , reducing the edema and recovering the neurological function in the patientwith ich .
aim : to determine a specific experimental measurement of alzheimer 's disease ( ad ) .
the levels of tauprotein in csf was determined in 40 ad patients , 26 mid patients and 58 normal controls with abc-elisa .
to provide morphological bases for identifying the segments of posterior roots during cervical spr .
the posterior roots of c4 ~ t1 were parallel successively in the coronal section .
the length of the posterior root gradually increased in the dura from c4 to t1 .
the posterior roots were parallel in proper order in the coronal section .
the distance and diameters of the two ends were measured .
measurement of the diameters of the ulnar nerve at the level of the pisiform bone and the dorsal cutaneous branch was also carried out on the cadavers .
at the trunk-divistion junction level 6.0 0.5 mm/5.2 0.6 mm ( left ) and 5.5 0.4 mm/5.2 0.3 mm ( right ) .
to investigate the morphological feature of the triangular fibrocrtilage ( tfc ) of the wrist and its syntopy .
to study the location and the length of cruciate ligament transposed from patellar ligament and the clinical significance .
to investigate the degree of disc degeneration in patients with spondylolysis and its clinical significance .
lumbar mri examination was performed upon 73 patients with spondylolysis .
the grade of degeneration at the adjacent segments was evaluated upon the signal intensity of midsagittal t2-weighted images .
preoperative mri examination is of great importance to evaluation of disc degeneration and to the choice of optical fusion protocol .
two descending branches go close against periosteum and a long medial or lateral insertion of the pectoralis major muscle .
lateral descending branch distributes to the area of proximal lateral humerus covered by the anterior part of deltoid muscle .
to provide anatomical basis for repairing soft tissue defects of the hand with the reverse forearm fasciocutaneous flap on the terminal radial artery .
these branches anastomose extensively with cutaneous branches of the network of arteries over wrist .
therefore , the larger reverse forearm fasciocutaneous flap can be performed for the purpose of repairing vast soft tissue defects over the back and palmar of hand .
to provide anatomical basis for the application of free superficial cervical artery flap .
transverse cervical artery ramifies superficial and deep branches , its origin is 5.5 0.8 cm to the front boundary of trapezius muscle .
to provide anatomic basis of cranial outer table flap pedi cled with the occipital artery for occipitocervical fusion .
cranial outer table flap pedicled with the occipital artery could be used in occipitocervical fusion .
to provide anatomic basis for transposing tendon with vessels of semit endinosus muscle to reconstruct the cruciate ligaments .
the form and blood supplies of semitendinosus muscle were observed on 40 lower limbs of adultcad avers .
the form of tendon of semitendinosus was similar to that of the cruciate ligament .
to investigate the feasibility of " y " shaped mini-ster notomy approach at lower sternum was applied in intracardiac operation in the view of anatomy and clinic .
the mean time of extracorporeal circulation , aortic cross-clamp and total operation was 85 45.4 , 39.4 30.6 and 180.5 51.5 minutes separately .
the mean postoperative artificial ventilation time was 6.1 5.6 hours .
to provide anatomic basis for repairing skin defect in the middle region of face with transposing musculocutaneous flap of quadrate muscle of upper li p.
the origin of quadrate muscle of upper lip was divided into three parts .
to provide anatomical basis for stereotaxic technique through three-d imensional reconstruction of human thalamus with computer .
50 whole brains were serially horizonatally sliced with each section 2 mm in thickness . the two -dimensional image of each section was corrected and aligned at first .
the reconstructed thalami are smooth , nature and realistic , they canbero tate , zoomed and cut in any direction .
the thr ee-dcimensional form and position of the reconstructed thalamus have reference value to the stereotaxic technique of encephalon .
to investigate the aortic arch deformity and its clinical importance .
in the two cases , right retro-esophageal subclaviana .coexisted with right nonrecurrent laryngeal nerve .
in the other two cases , right aortic arch coexisted withleft retro-esophageal subclavian a.or left dorsal aorta separation .
the aortic arch deformity show ed significance in clinical practice .
to provide morphological data of sg ( spinal ganglion ) for clinic .
metods : the morphology of sg was studied on 38 adult cadaveric specimens ( 76 sides ) .
3the ratio of the length to width of sg , from the maximum to minimum is sacral , lumbar , coccygeal , cervical and thoracic part .
the size of lumbo-sacral sg is large ;
and it is necessary to consider the possibility of sg being pressed in patients with low-back pain .
the knowledge of the morphology of sg is helpful to clinic .
to provide anatomical basis for treatment of the deep venous thrombosis of lower limb with deep femoral vein shunting to contralateral great saphenous vein .
the thin venous wall and the network lacking venous valve of vppsr were observed on cadavers .
the anatomical variation , thin venous wall and lack of venous valve were the anatomical bases leading to massive hemorrhage even death when the vppsr was damaged .
to provide morphological data for the enema , pneumo-barium double contrast examination and endoscopy .
these morphological data will benefit the enema , pneumo-barium double contrast examination and endoscopy in clinic .
to provide anatomical basis for repair of the superficial palmar arch with transplanted superficial vein when the operations of vessel repair and replantation of severed palm are performed .
the origin and branches of ulnar of superficial palmar arch were observed and measured on 30 cases of hand specimens .
there were 4 types of branches arising from the ulnar side of superficial palmar arch .
then the distance was as follow : o-a 30.1 5.6 mm ; a-b 8.1 4.7 mm ;
b-c 9.2 6.0 mm ; c-d 6.2 3.9 mm .
the diameters of the origins of branches followed:a:1.24 0.34 mm ;
to provide the optimal point of sternal puncture .
to measure linear and angular parameters of the posterior elements of the lower cervical vertebrae .
the diameter of the lateral mass screw should be 3.5 mm , and it should be inserted 20 ~ 25 lateral and 50 ~ 55 cephalad .
the pedicle widths and angles varied largely , thus the use of the pedicle screw in cervical spine should be limited .
to provide anatomical basis for improving the treatment of femoral neck fracture .
forty healthy adult with different heights were selectd randomly ( male 20 , female 20 ) .
after measuring the height , their right hips were scanned with ct and the mini-cross sectional area of femoral neck was detected .
then , the linear regression equation of height to the mini-cross sectional area of femoral neck was concluded .
there was a positive linear correlation between the mini-cross sectional area of femoral neck and height .
to explore anatomical basis of the occurrence and devlopment of myopia .
it was better than caring-sight exercise in aspect of myopic preauion .
to study the relationship between the body and placenta weights of newborn infant .
the weights of body and placenta of 1300 newborn infants were measured .
the mean body weight of male infants was 3305.1 401.9 grams , and the placental coefficient was 0.167 ;
the corresponding parmeters of female infants were 3216.9 406.7 grams and 0.169 respectively .
1the body weight of newborn infant increases with the economic development and the improvement of living standard .
2the body and placenta weight of newborn infant are closely relevant .
thirty new zealand adult rabbits weighting 2.5kg were evenly divided into five groups .
standard 10 mm bone defects were created in both radii of each rabbit .
randomly one defect was enveloped with pla membrane wrapped as a tube plus tcp ceramics in it , the contralateral defect served as an untreated control .
general observation , histological and radiological studies were made at 1,3,6,9,12 week postoperatively .
the experinental sides consistently healed with callus extended over the gaps in the membranes .
the control sides showed nonunion , the bone ends were rounded off and sealed with cortical bone .
both the membrane and the ceramics showed good histocompatibility and degenerated with time .
guided bone regeneration is an effective method in healing bone defects , and synergic results could be achieved when combined with ceramics .
to observe the dyed regions of skin flaps with nerve implantation at different intervals .
the flap with the diameter of 3 cm implanted a nerve 1.5 cm in length could completely be reinnervated in 8 months .
to provide anatomical basis of rid-muscle flap for the re pair or restoration of trachea in dog .
the third intercostal vessels were perfusedand observed .
the blood supply of the graft was rich .
the treated canines ( 18 ) were as normal as the control group , 11 of which had survived for 3 months .
rid-muscel flap and ring could be used in tracheoplasty and tracheal restoration .
to determine the expression site of p75 following peripheral nerve injury in rat .
to evaluate extraction force of screw fixation at different position in cancellous fracture .
fifteen embedded cadaveric femurs and tibias were used . the bone mineral density ( bmd ) was measured in condylus femoris and malleolus .
the bmd of condylus femoris averaged 0.30g / cm2 , and that of malleolus averaged 0.47g/cm2 .
in condylus lateralis femoris fracture , the extraction force of a , o , b point were 404.9n , 233.8n and 105.2n respectively .
while in medial malleolus fracture , the data were 335.1n , 193.1n and 141.9n separately .
extraction force was relevant to screw position .
in cancellous fracture , screw should better be inserted at the center point of the fracture plate or adjacent to articular surface .
to evaluate the biomechanical character of humerus after dissction of medial or lateral lower part of humerus flap .
to study torsion strength of posterior plate fixation for cervical spine after 50 % of facetectomies .
maximum torsion loads were 17.83 2.16 n.m after half bilateral facetectomies and 22.78 4.75 n.m following plate fixation . there was a significant difference between the two groups .
although the torsion strength of plate was in creased significantly after half bilateral facetectomies , whose maximum torsion load was still less than the that of normal specimen .
to study the anatomic elements of the pathogeny of the cubital tunnel syndrome .
ii , the whole tunnel was covered by arcuate ligament ;
iii , a thickened fascial band was observed in the arcuate ligament ; iv , the thickened facial band was replaced by muscle .
the morphologic change of the cubital tunnel was the anatomical pathogeny of the cubital tunnel syndrome .
to explore the application of freeze-etching electrom microscopy in the study of duchenne muscular dystrophy ( dmd ) .
the freeze-etching samples for skeletal muscles and erythrocytes of dmd and the normal skeletal muscles were observed under electron microscope .
the intramembrane proteinic particles of cell membranes of erythrocyte as well as of muscular cells were diminished significantly in dmd .
freeze-etching technique conduces to the diagnosis of dmd that has defect in cell membrane .
the erythrocytes can be collected to substitute for the muscle in diagnosis of dmd .
to elucidate the pathological anatomy of tricuspid valve in ebstein 's malformation and discuss its clinical significance .
the pathological characters of tricuspid valve of 36 patients were examined by preoperational echocardiography and surgical intervention .
satisfactory effect had received on 30 cases of tricuspid valve reconstruction by anterior leaflets .
to provide a new therapeutic method for ischemic necrosis of humeral head .
transposition of humeral periosteal flap pedicled with posterior humeral circumflex artery is an easy practical method to repair ischemic necrosis .
blood supply area of periosteal branch was observed on 2 sides fresh specimens injected with black ink .
to provide anatomic basis for clavicular flap pedicled with anterior bundle of deltoid muscle ( adm ) .
morphology , blood supply and the relationship to clavicle were observed on 50 sides adult arm specimens .
transposition of clavicular flap pedicled with anterior bundle could be used to repair bone nonunion , bone defect and soft tissue defect .
to provide anatomic basis for clinical application of island flap pedicled with nutrient vessels of sural nerve .
to provide anatomic basis for the instrument fixation of occipital cervical fusion .
the thickness of the posterior inferior part of occipital , whose area is about 10 cm 5 cm , was measured on 50 dry adult skulls .
the projections of transverse sinus and confluens sinuum were measured on 30 headcervical cadaver specimens .
and the bone construction of occipital was observed and measured on transverse plane and sagittal plane of 10 adult head-cervical specimens .
occipital is mainly composed of compact cortical bone .
to provide anatomic data for avoiding damage the cranial nerves in cavernous sinus during cavernous operation .
the location , course and syntopy of cranial nerves in cavernous sinus were observed on 17 adult cadaverical heads ( 34 sides of cavernous sinuses ) .
the oculomotor nerve should be protected during the operation of incising superior wall of cavernous sinus .
to solve the clinical problems of dissatisfaction effect of wrinkle elimination at nasal and forehead area and large area of injury in approach .
macro and micro dissection were made on 14 adult male heads specimens .
all supraorbital vessel and nerve run inferior to lateral insertion point of corrugator .
the origin of procerus was beyond the line between nasal bone and lateral nasal cartilage , and the insertion point was at the level of both medial eyebrows .
to provide anatomic basis for coronary artery bypass grafting ( caba ) by left posterior intercostal artery ( lpia ) .
we dissected 30 adult cadavers to measure and observe the lpia , posterior descending branch and left marginal branch of coronary artery .
to provide anatomic basis for achilles tendon defect repair by great adductor muscle tendon combined tissue flaps .
to provide anatomic basis for achilles tendon defect repair by transplantation of iliotibial band .
the originated external diameter of ascending branch is 1.2 0.4 mm and it gave off muscular branch and perforating rami of iliotibial band .
it is feasible to repair achilles tendon defect by free transplantation of iliotibial band with anastomosis of lateral superior genicular artery .
to provide anatomy basis for the repair of leg defect by great adductor muscle tendon bone flap with descending genicular artery .
all these branches jointed the genicular arterial network .
the external diameter of posterior tibial artery and fibular artery were 2.5 0.6 mm and 2.0 0.4 mm respectively at the site 11 cm superior to internal malleolus .
the tendon of great adductor muscle was 6.8 1.2 cm in length , 9.6 2.0 mm in width and 2.2 0.6 mm in thickness .
to provide anatomical basis for repairing calcaneus and serious tissue defect in backoot by reversed island v-shaped fibular bone-myocutaneous flap pedicled with peroneal vessels .
the v-shaped fibular bone-myocutaneous flap pedicled with peroneal vessels could be used for repairing serious tissue defect in the backfoot .
a good result has been obtained in clinic .
to explore the treatment method of achilles tendon compound tissues defect by microsurgical reconstruction .
satisfactory effects were received in 3 clinical cases .
the operation could reconstruct different type of achilles tendon compound tissues defect with the advantage of easy operating and less injury in donor site .
to provide anatomic data for designing internal fixation device of calcaneus fracture .
measurement associated with restoration and fixation of calcaneus fracture was made on 54 pair ( 108 sides ) adult dry calcaneal specimens .
gissane 's angle was 116.7 8.0 .
these data is very important for calcaneal fracture fixation and restoration .
to provide the morphological standard and basis for the treatment of calcaneal fracture .
the ratio of calcaneal height to length is above 1/2 .
according to the morphological character , there exist mechanical weakness points on calcaneus , which will lead a complex fracture .
the ratio of calcaneal height to length is a convenient index for cacaneus fracture treatment .
both the change of bohler 's angle and gissane 's angle and the width of calcaneus increased are very important to calcaneus fracture diagnose and treatment .
the dimension of calcaneus in this paper could be a reference to reconstruction calcaneus after fracture .
the slil has special structure and is the key structure for stability of scapholunate joint .
the membrane type was 73.3 % and the cord type was 26.6 % .
the average length of the fibrous arch was 3.7 0.6 mm .
there exists fibrous arch at the origin of adductor muscle of thumb among part of people .
incision the fibrous arch at the base of the third metacapel could treat the sydrome .
to provide anatomic data for living-related inferior segment of left lateral liver transplantation .
to provide morphologic data for cholecystectomy in clinic .
there were 16 cases ( 12.5 % ) of the middle hepatic veins in cholecystic bed .
to provide anatomic basis for major hepatic resection and liver transplantation .
the depths of incisions of i to v were 13.4 0.5 mm , 13.5 0.5 mm , 12.9 0.4 mm , 13.9 0.4 and 16.8 0.4 mm respectively .
to decrease the injury of medullary vessels by using intramedullary ( im ) nailing in the femur .
sixty percent of the femurs had 2 nutrient arteries and 40 % of them had only 1 nutrient artery . the superior artery had the dominant function .
the medullary foramina were at the super-medial point of femur and middle point of femur .
all im vessels could be damaged by im reaming . conclusion : the main branches of im vessels injury could be avoid by not reaming .
the gap of the im nailing should be firected to the posterior of medullary cavity ( 175 ~ 182 ) .
to investigate the relationship between morphological abnormalities and spinal cord deficit in thoracolumbar brust fractures .
to provide morphological data of thymic percutaneous paracentesis for intervention treatment of myasthenia gravis .
the length of left lobe and right lobe in front of brachiocephalic vein were 14.4 mm and 13.7 mm separately .
the average protruding angle of sternum was 10.9 .
the relationship between cutaneous nerve and superficial vein in the dorsum of hand was studied to enhance the accuracy of venepuncture .
macro-anatomy was made on 24 sides adult hands .
to study the mechanism of blood supply of transmyocardial revasculariz ation ( tmr ) from the view of histomorphology .
the transmyocar dial channels itself cannot provide the blood supply to the myocardium .
to study the bfgf effect on secondary brain injury after spinal cord semi-broken .
quantitative and qualitative study was made on neuron and gliacyte of motor region on pallium by nissl and gfap immunochemical staining after half spinal cord broken .
neuron degeneration , gliacyte proliferation and neuron phagocytized by gliacyte in injury group were found on nissl staining slide .
to study pathogenetic basis of cerebrovascular didease .
arteriosclerosis model was established on 12 macaques in this study . ultrastructure changes of arteries to capsula interna were observe by scanning electron microscope and transmission electron microscope .
rusults : there exists helicoid valve at the beginning of central branch of sylvian artery and it is easily injured when sclerosis happens .
endothelia damage included the endothelium ecclasis , monocyte and platelets adherence to from thombus at the exposed subendothelia layer .
the endothelium pachynsis and local smooth muscle depletion was found because of the smooth muscle translation to subendothlial layer .
to explore the effect of different exposure time in 15 % dmso on the biological activity and ultrastructure of cryopreserved rat knee joint with vessels .
the ultrastructure of endothelial cell changed mildly in 1h and 1.5h groups , but serious damaged in 0.5h and 2h groups .
chondrocyte survival rates and viability in 1.5h group were significantly higher than that of other groups ( p < 0.01 ) .
good effect could be received by expose the rat knee joint in 15 % dmso for 1.5 hours at 4c before it preserved by two-step cryopreservation .
to compare the biomechanical character of four flexor tendon repair methods and provide experimental data for clinic .
the anti-torsion character of four-hole plate fixed tibia is much higher than those of other instruments ( p < 0.01 ) .
to provide sectional anatomical basis for clinical mri diagnosis of the lateral ligaments around the ankle and subtalar joints .
the lateral ligaments around ankle and subtalar joints can be displayed clearly on mri .
to study the distribution and position of the internal laryngeal branch of the superior laryngeal nerve .
the distribution and position of the internal laryngeal branch of the superior laryngeal nerve were observed on 50 fresh laryngeal specimens under microscope .
to provide detailed knowledge of this region for optic nerve decompression and further understanding to the pathologic mechanisms of indirect optic nerve injurey .
60 optic canals and optic nerves in the 30 fixed human cadaver heads were observd and measured under the operating microscope .
the middle part of the medial wall of bony canal is the thinnest , with a thickness of 0.48 0.36 mm .
the middle part of the optic canal was the narrowest , with a transverse area of 17.47 3.97 mm2 .
to provide morphological basis for the mechanism and surgical therapy of injury on atlas and axis .
the clinical significant data were observed and measured in 150 dry atlas and axis specimens .
incidence of posterior ponticulus of the atlas was 16.0 % .
inside semi-diameter of anterior atlantis arcus was half of the outside semi-diameter of that .
transverse diameter was less than 9 mm in 71.2 % of odontoid process .
exposure range during operation is limited in order to avoid damage of vertebral artery .
to provide morphologic basis for the identification of the anterior and posterior roots during cervical spr .
the sulcus of 127 dry cervical vertebae and cervical thoracic vertebrae of 15 specimens were observed .
2the distance between the right and left sulcus is 19.0 ~ 42.7 mm .
3the thickness of the anterior wall of transverse foramen is 1.5 ~ 3.9 mm .
4the distance between the right and left transverse foramen is 25.9 ~ 44.7 mm .
5the long muscles of head and neck are anterior to the cervical vertebrae , most of them in the sulcus .
it is a safe region for the anterior approach operation in cervical vertebrae between the marks of bilateral anterolateral sulcus .
to provide anatomical basis for operation in vertebral canal to restore urocystic control function after paraplegia .
to discuss the relationship between the center of the pedicle and the axis of the transverse process .
the distance from the center of the pedicle to the axis of the transverse process were measured on 100 dry lumbar vertebrae specimens .
because the axis of the transverse process does not cross the center of pedicle , it is not a ideal mark of pedicle screw entrance point .
to study the quantitative relationship between the lateral margin of the superior facet and the pedicle center of lumbar vertebrae .
the margin was lateral to the center in 100 % l1,98.1 % l2,96.4 % l3,45.3 % l4,8.1 % l5 .
to study the relationship between the transverse area of the psoas muscle and lumbar disc herniation .
2the difference between right and left transverse area of the psoas muscle is significantly bigger in the lumbar disc herniation patient group than in the healthy volunteer group .
3the transverse area of the psoas muscle in male is significantly smaller in the lumbar disc herniation patient group than in the healthy volunteer group .
to study the anatomic structure of hepatic veins of chinese and imitate living left lateral lobe liver transplantation to cut and obtain hepatic veins .
the length , diameter and the branches of the hepatic veins were observed and measured on 30 normal adult livers and 30 cast models of liver .
hepatic veins should be reconstructed if necessary , so as to anastomose with recipient hepatic vein or the inferior vena cava .
in some cases , the left lateral living liver transplantation might be contraindicated .
to provide the anatomical basis of the penis reconstruction in one-stage .
there exist an anatomosis zone between the superior and inferior epigastrc artery above umbilical area .
to provide anatomical basis for the blood supply of the facial subdermal vascular network flap .
1two fresh adult cephal-cervix specimens were perfused with red latex and gelatin-china ink repectively , and the latter was hyalinze .
2vascular distribution of face was observed on 10 sides cephal-ficial cast specimens .
3anatomical characteristics of facial vessels were observed under scanning electron microscope on 2 sides cephal-ficial cast specimen .
to provide anatomic basis for improving the design of free medialis flap pedicled with the medial branch of the deep branches of medial plantar artery .
there are branches of saphenous nerve and medial dorsal cutaneous nerve on the flap .
1the medial pedal flap can be supplied by the medial branches of the deep branch of medial plantar artery or the medial tarsal artery .
2there are two vein systems , a deep one of the concomitant vein and a superficial one of the great saphenous vein .
3there are branches of saphenous nerve and medial dorsal cutaneous nerve on the flap .
4the free medial flap meet the special require to cover the skin defects of the hand of fingers
to provide the three-dimensional characteristics of the first carpometecarpal articular surface for biomechnical investigations of the thumb .
to study the mechanism of spodylodiscitis and the effect of antibiotic therapy .
from the 8th to 16th week , the spondylodiscitic rabbits ' intervertebral disc space reproduced dominantly , with new bone formed .
in antibiotic treatment group , the invading of inflammatory cells was not so significant as in non-treatment group .
to study the anatomical basis of anterior interosseous nerve ( ain ) syndrome .
66.7 % accessory heads of flexor pollicis longus ( fpl ) anteriory pass the main branch of ain from the mediosuperior to the lateroinferior obliquely .
16.7 % of ains pass between the radius and ulna ;
6.3 % of ains pass anterior to the ulna .
to study the anatomical factors in relation to the injury on the femoral vein in the operation and to provide relevant preventive methods .
fossa ovalis and the tributaries of great saphenous vein were observed and measured on 52 lower limbs of patients and 40 lower limbs of fixed human cadavers .
to provide anatomical basis for the length of inserted duct when performing coronary artery radiography through femoral artery .
the study can provide anatomical reference for the length of inserted duct when performing coronary artery intervention treatment through femoral artery .
to provide anatomical basis for the posterior approach operation to arm .
the blood vessels and nerves relative to the posterior approach to the arm were dissected and observed in 20 specimens .
1the middle-inferior part of the posterior aspect of the humerus is plane and broad to place various steel plate .
2there are no important blood vessels and nerve on the posterior aspect of the lower part of the humerus , safe to be operated .
3the posterior approach to the arm is suitable for operative treatment for the fracture of the middle-inferior part of the humerus .
the most common site of heamorrhage in maxillary osteotomies is the posterior maxilla .
thirty dry human skulls and five cadavers were selected for direct measurement and computerized image analysis .
the average distance from the piriform rim to the desending palatine canal was 35.25 mm ;
the average length from anterior nasal spine to the posterior nasal spine was 46.27 mm ;
the average distance from the piriform rim to the pterygomaxillary junction was 40.72 mm ;
and the angle between desending palatine canal and the palate plane was 58 47 ' .
the average length of the desending palatine canal was 17.60 mm .
the average distance from the nasolcrimal canal opening to nasal base was 15.82 mm .
the average distance from the desending palatine canal to central line was 16.68 mm .
according to normal palatopharyngeal data , retaining softpalate of patients with osas in uppp had got good operative effects and decreased postoperative complication .
to obtain the anatomical data of three-dimensional morphology and localization of the dorsal thalamus and the pulvinar , which are necessary for the sterotactic operations of human brains .
serial 2 mm-thick sections in three dimensions of 61 whole human brains were made , and the dorsal thalamus and the pulvinar were mathematically investigated .
the volume of dorsal thalamus was 6264.42 42.98 mm3 and the pulvinar was 750.82 16.32 mm3 .
the profile of the dorsal thalamus and pulvinar were drawn by reconstruction .
the results showed that three-dimensional positions of the dorsal thalamus and the pulvinar were clinically valuable for the stereotactic operation of human brains .
to provide anatomical basis for transplantation of temporal flap pedicled with the orbicularis oculi muscle to repair soft tissue defects of middle jaw faces .
the configuration and the blood supply of orbicularis oculi muscle were observed on 30 sides of adult cadaver perfused with red latex in artery .
these artery formed many anastomosis .
the temproal flap pedicled with infraorbital part of orbicularis oculi muscle can be used to repair the soft tissue defects of middle jaw facies .
to provide anatomical basis for the blocking of glossopharyngeal nerve and prevention of its complication .
adjacent structure of glossopharyngeal nerve were measured in 30 adult specimens .
the structures adjacent to glossopharyngeal nerve were also described .
this study provide reference data for the depth of needle and anatomical basis for the prevention of complications caused by the blocking of the glossopharygeal nerve .
by covering the surface of tbc ( true bone ceramic ) with collagen , to increase the histocompatibility of tbc .
after the surface of the tbc was covered with collagen , the tbc have good histocompoatibility with the osteoblasts .
to investigate the values of moment arms of wrist motor tendons . methods : 7 fresh cadaveric upper limbs were used .
values and distribution of moment arms in wrist motors are the biomechanical basis of wrist motion patterns and daily activity of the hand .
to discuss the relationship between the thoracolumbar aortic calcification and the correction of kyphotic deformity in ankylosing spondylitis ( as ) .
it showed that stretch over 20 % of thoracolumbar aortia length would damage the aortia , but less than 15 % was safe .
to explore the biomechanical characters of transplantaion of allograft tendon treated by chlorofom / methanol ( cm ) .
to evaluate the clinical significance of the split-and-restoration of vertebral lamina in sar and spr .
furthermore , the technique of split-and-restoration was applied on 25 clinical cases of sar and spr .
the internal diameter of vertebral canal became larger after operation .
to explore the excision and transplantation techniques of liver allograft .
as for piggyback planting technique , donor 's ivc above liver and hepatica left median vein should be anastomosed end to end .
anastomosed donor 's and recipient 's portal vein end to end .
fk506 mmf were used in post-transplantation immunosuppressive therapy .
excision of donor 's live successed in 10 cases , and the heat ischermia were no longer than 10 minutes .
to introduce applied anatomy and clinical application of the anterolateral thigh flap in european .
there are no obvious differences on anatomy between white and oriental cases .
the pedicle of the flaps seems relatively stable in the european specimens . all clinical cases were satisfactory .
the european cases of the anterolateral thigh flaps have the same applied anatomy and clinical results as oriental cases .
this paper studies the changes of temperature and acid the influnces which ph , so2 and alcohol content have on the alcohol fermentatiom of rosa roxburghii extracts .
it also gives a detailed description of the best way of producing the wine .
resistant starch is the portion of ingested starchy material which escapes digestion in the small intestine and is acted upon by microflora in the large intestine .
there are reports on determination of resistant starch level in foods .
this review highlights the recent development in measurement of resistant starch .
the potential health benefits of resistant starch and future research needs are discussed .
michaelis constant ( km ) for catechol was 8.4 mmol/l .
the crystal structure change of seven kinds of starch exposed to 100 ~ 450mpa high pressure was studied by means of x-ray diffraction , etc.
the effect on b-type starch was smaller , and was accompanied by slight enhancement of crystal .
the effect degree on c-type starch was in the mid of a-type and b-type .
the results showed that the product extracted with sc-co2 was superior to that with ether .
the antifungal activity of chitosan coating was highly effective at 0c , with greater effect at 1.0 % chitosan than 0.5 % chitosan .
the effect of chitosan coating on delaying quality deterioration in sweet corn was associated with depressed respiration rate and ethylene production .
its saponin content was determined by spectorphotometry using hclo4-vanilin staining method .
the regressive equation shows high significance and stability .
the method was found to be good reproducible and of high recovery rate of 101.7 % .
a kind of high-protein nutritious rice-flour for breakfast was successfully developed by using bi-screw extrution technology .
the dissertation offers the optimal technological condition and index , explores the technique to improve the resolvent quality of the rice-flour as well .
a spi product made in china was compared with an imported spi product in composition and functional properties .
they were similar in water holding capacity and gel strength .
the spi made in china had higher solubility and lower spread ability in water than the imported product .
the relationship between psychosocial factor and risk of senile dementia were explored .
information about psychosocial factors was collected in 1987.the clinical diagnosis of dementia was made according to ds m-iii-r criteria .
mmse and adl total scores are also good in prediction for dementia .
the psychosocial factor probably play an important role in the development of dementia .
the variability of allele length at t his locus control region makes it valuable for linkage analysis and gene diagnosis of the familial hypercholesterolemia .
the total validity rate of the treatment group was 95.56 % , that of the control group was 73.33 % .
there were 30 pathological foci had been detected by using colour doppler and b-mode ultrasonogr aphy .
early dignosis of the tubular interstitial damage in elderly diabetic nephropathy with urinary 1-microglobulin ( 1-mg ) were investigated .
to observe the changes of plasma platelet -g ranule membrane protein ( gmp-140 ) in the elderly type 2 diabetic patients .
methods 52 niddm patients with hyperlipoproteinemia were treated with simvastatin 10 ~ 15 mg daily .
malondialdehyde ( mda ) levels were also reduced after s i mvastatin therapy .
there was no obvious relation between serum glucose , insulin an d tg , tc and without significant side-effects .
simvastatin can markly improve lipid metabolism and diminish lipid peroxidat ion in the diabetic patients with hyperlipoproteinemia .
to investigate the feasibility and effect of guide treatment of drug lablled antibody on immune thrombocytopenic purpura .
the specific killer effect of indirect lablled antibody ivig-iias-mtx was significantly stronger than that of direct lablled antibody ivig-mtx .
lablled antibody showed relatively specific killer effects on monocyte-phagocytes in vitro
to investigate the anti-senile action of melatonin .
conclusions 1the neuroendocrine functional disorders caused by senility may correlate with the senility of arcuate nucleus neurons .
2melatonin has the antisenile action in arcuate neuleus neurons of the aged rat .
the regressive effects of xiaoyu tablets on the atherosclerotic plaques in rabbit abdominal aorta were observed .
xiaoyu tablets had the regression action on the atherosclerotic plaque .
to study the gm1 effects on cerebral ischemi a and reperfusion damage .
the effects of traditional chinese herb compound 962 on learning and memory function and excitability were investigated in old rats .
there is no significant difference on excitability between these groups .
traditional chinese herb compound 962 capsule improved the learning and memory ability , but had no effect on excitability of central nervous system of the old rats .
to establish aging model and study the causes of aging .
some monoamine neurotransmitters may participate in aging processes .
to study the injury effects and mechanism of oxidized low density lipoprotein ( ox-ldl ) on vascular endothelial cells .
ox-ldl could inhibit dna synthesis of huvecs , which might be related to lipid peroxidative injury .
the effects of blackcurrant seed oil on serum lipid level were observed in experimental hyperlipidemia rats .
wistar adult male rats were fed on the test diet containing 94 % hyp erlipid and 6 % blackcurrant seed oil for 3 weeks .
no harmful effects on intake of food and growing of rats were observed .
these results suggeted that blackcurrant seed oil has the effect to regulate serum lipid .
a new wheel crusher for soft rock was proposed .
finally , some future research ideas were put forward .
the current technologies in geographical information systems ( gis ) allow us to acquire and integrate spatial information from different sources .
it consists of three sub-systems , which are sub-systems of working-face management , plan management and dynamic mining-excavation simulation .
from the definition of ultra-subcritical mining , the methods of designing mining width and strip size and controlling surface subsidence in deep mining were given .
due to lacking of test-data and field-data , the conventional methods cannot be used to study the storage reliability of new equipment systems .
genetic algorithm , based on the mechanism of genetics and natural selection , is an adaptive searching procedure .
as a powerful approach applied to complex problems , genetic algorithm is a hot point for research on the fields of artificial intelligence and system optimization .
however , simple genetic algorithm has drawbacks such as slow convergence and less stability in actual uses .
multimodal function optimization is performed to verify the feasibility and effectiveness .
the experiment results show that convergence speed and stability are increased by improved genetic algorithm .
the good biocompatibility of dlc- ti showed its potentid as a kind of clinic composite implant materids .
measurement of quantity of alveolar bone based on ct value were performed on spiral ct with dental scan software .
optimum regression equation present as follow : g2 = - 31.2267 + 0.0644x2 , g3 = - 14.1321 + 0.0433x2 .
the spiral ct has very important clinicl value to differentiating patient 's alveolar bone shape , and provides the quantification basis for implant denture patients .
the purpose of this study was to examine if the lps of pg could inhibit fibroblast from attaching to the surface of pure titanium .
reaults : finding the morphology of attaching cells was changed and the quantitation of those was decreased when they stimulated by pg- lps .
all results of our study confirmed that pg- lps could inhibit fibroblast attaching to the surface of pure titanium .
to detect a effect of bio- glass artificial condyle on tmj disc .
simple bgc artificial condyle replacement is not suitable method for tmj reconstruction .
the problem of hardness and ceramic minigranular immigration on surface of artificial condyle must be solved before clinic utilization .
follow- up post- prosthesis were mean 11 months , no implant lost .
to investigate the changes of clinical status around dental implants during the first year after rehabilitation .
pli , pd , s % in sites with peri- implant mucositis or bone loss were higher than those in health sites or sites without bone loss .
regular reexamination is necessary in keeping peri- implant healthy .
plaque , deep pockets and spirocketes are the risk factors for peri- implant mucositis and bone loss .
to discuss the design of free- end bridges supported by teeth and implants .
the restoration success rate were 87.5 % , which reflect implants existing after restoration .
to enhance the ability of error prevention , database was used to manage the original and the resolved data .
in addition , by means of dialogue models modification of data can be more convenient and reliable .
the influence factor of barrier number , plastic film position and pressure and the changing characteristic of flame thickness in gas explosion were investigated by a lab experiment .
the result shows that barriers and plastic film have a great influence on the flame thickness in gas explosion .
when the plastic film is put near explosion place , the flame thickness can be increased .
the thicker the flame becomes , the more possible the ignition of flame on substance will be .
the research results are very important for preventing gas explosion in site .
the experimental result shows that these models work efficiently .
during more than 40 simulation experiments of outburst , three types of dynamic phenomena of non-outburst , weak outburst and violent outburst appeared .
the module of cad software system in mining was put forward . the mining cad was divided into physical layer , logical layer and application layer .
the object oriented analysis was used for mining system module . and the key problems were simply analyzed .
the sub-module , roadway automatically formed was realized as an example .
nanosized nickel-based catalysts can be used to carry out the hydrogenation of styrol and benzophenone at normal temperature and pressure .
these catalytic reactions are found to be zero-order , which is consistent with the mechanism of surface-contact reactions .
this can be explained by activated complex theory . the employment of ultrasonic waves has beneficial for the maintenance of catalytic activity .
the ( 111 ) crystallographic plane increases its distance by 1.5 % under the action of ultrasonic waves .
in this work , pollen morphology of 16 species and lower epidermal characters of leaves of 21 species were observed .
to improve the outcome the femoral neck fracture ( fnf ) in children , and analys the cause of the complicatisns .
frature with displacement 1 cases complicated vascular necrosis of femoral head . 2 cases femur complicated with coxa vara , 1 case complicated with short femur .
compare the results for treatment of the inferior patellar fracture between tension-band fixation and excision of inferior polar .
the inferior polar should be reserved in inferior polar fracture of the pathella .
to assess the treament of multiple planes fractures in the knee .
2 . adopt two or three-dimensional structure stereoscopic fixation for function exercise early ;
3 . deal with other damage in same time ;
4 . advocate cpm early after operation .
the excellent rate of common plate fixation group was 64.6 % ;
incontrast to 91.3 % in common plum-shaped intramedullary nail fixation group , it had significant difference ( u = 3.31 p < 0.01 ) .
the common plum-shaped intramedullary nail fixation rendered less trauma . it 's biomechanic feature was more suitable to the tibial fracture healing .
the success rate was high . it is significantly superior than the common plate .
to discuss the long-term results of treating of tibia and fibula by open reduction followed by extemal fixation of plaster or by extermal fixator .
compared and analyzed the result by healing time and complication . results : in plaster extermal fixation group , healing were faster , there was less complication .
the clinical significance of classify , manunal closed reduction methods , operative methods and internal fixation are illustrated and discussed respectively .
to determine the effect of single operation for the treatment of traumatic defect of tibia .
then the corticotomy were made at the site of proximal metaphysis of the tibia , after then , limb-lengthening started slowly every day .
average follow-up time were 20 months ( 6 ~ 36months ) .
to present the experience of treating lower limb discrepancy of children with semicircular external fixator and gradual bone distraction / compression technique .
the lengthening was from 4 to 8cm and 4.7cm in average in all 16 patients .
to discuss the clinical features , diagnostic and therapeutic methods of foot deformity caused by cerebral palsy and bifid spine together .
12 cases were selected talipes .
clinical features : equinovarus and talies cavus deformity were frequently seen , some of them accompanied by pathological reflex , oseous deformity appeared earlier .
treatment : conservative methods , translocation and elongation of muscle tendon and osteotomy were performed respectively .
equinovarus and talipes cavus were fequently seen in this disease , osseous operation was better than soft tissu operation .
concentrations of pyr in cartilage and subchondral bone changed with the progress of oa , which perhaps connected with the high excretion of pyr in urine .
detecting changes of pyr levels in urine has potential utility in oa diagnosing and disease activity evaluation .
to study the mechanism of the cartilage end-plate calcification on intervertebral disc degeneration .
in less severely degenerative cervical disc , morphology of cartilage end-plate showed nearly normal construction , and tidemark was clear .
the cartilage end-plate and the degree of the cervical disc degeneration.nutrition supply impediment , which is key factor that initiates cervical disc degeneration .
summarize the etiologic and study progress of steroid-induced necrosis of femoral head , so as to provide the theary basis for clinic .
analyses the main literature about clinical and basis study on steroid-induced necrosis of femoral head in recent 40 years .
the etiologic mechanism of steroid-induced necrosis of femoral head is : disorder of lipometabolism ;
increasing of intraosseous pressure ;
osteoporosis and poisonous action ;
vasculitis , coagulation before steroid administration and intravascular coagulation .
synthesize the relevant progressive studies about autocrine regulate of articular cartilage .
pthrp acts on the repair of injured cartilage as an autocrine / paracrine cytokine .
objecive : to understand the relationship between bone morphogenetic proteins ( bmp ) and the genesis and development of bone diseases .
the recent 5 years of advances on the relationship of bmp and bone diseases were reviewed .
bmp is correlated directly or indivectly genetic bone diseases , some neoplasm of bone and heterotopic ossification etc.
to discuse the application and effects of bipap s/t-d 30 ventilatory support system .
to study the distribution of enterogenic endotoxin in peritonitised rats .
the amount of 125i-lps in the unit weight of the each organ are detected . after 125i-lps was poured down the stomach of rats .
cefesulodin and polymyxinb can significantly reduce the amount of 125i-lps .
acute infectious peritonitis can increase the translocation of enterogenic endtoxin .
renal failure and respiratory failure are related with the amount of endotoxin in the unit weight of organic tissue .
cefesulodin and polymyxinb can significantly reduce the mortality and inhibite the translocation of enteroqenic endotoxin in peritonitised rats .
to study and investigate the changes of red cell immune function in patients with cerebral infarction at acute stage .
an experimental study to observe protective effect of mannitol on intestinal injury after lower limb ischemic reperfusion injury .
degeneration and necrosis of crypt cells were found in experimental groups . there was a significant lessening of the injury in the group treated with mannitol .
to study the effect of tamoxifen in the forming process of periodontitis with wound .
before treatment serum na + , k + , cl- , co2cp and osmotic pressure were detected in 62 patients .
ag was calculated according to na + - ( cl- + hco-3 ) .
rotaviral antigens in faeces of all children were determined by elisa method .
the degree of dehydration became severe and acidosis became serious ( 2 = 10.47 , p < 0.005 ) .
hypoosmotic pressure was most ( 66.1 % ) , isosmotic pressure was secondary ( 29 % ) , hypertonic pressure was only 4.8 % .
low sodium , low potassium , higy chlorine and metabolic acidosis were most seen in electrolyte disorders and acid /base imbalances observed by us .
the major osmotic pressures were hypotonic . if judging hypoosmotic pressure by serum sodium , it is suggested that na + <
135 mmol / l be suitable .
the rising ag was superior to the lowering hco-3 on the metabolic acidosis ' diagnosis .
to explore the treatment of the fresh cartilaginous fracture of the patella .
after an average follow-up of 28 months , 9 cases had excellent and 1 cases had good results . the excellent and good rate was 90.9 % .
the treatment of fresh cartilaginous fracture by restorating and fixing the free cartilage flaps combined with cpm was feasible . the effect was satisfaction .
to study the treatment of subcutaneous anterior transposition of the ulnar nerve with its peripheral fascia .
methods 40 cases ( 49 nerves ) of cubital tunnel syndrome treated by this method from 1988 to 1997 were reviewed and analyzed .
the scores of motion and sensibility increased by 39.2 % , the effective rate was 91.8 % .
this method is effective to treat cubital tunnel syndrome without damage to the blood supply of ulnar nerve and nerve branches .
the chronic tractive injury at the elbow is the main factor of cubital tunnel syndrome .
to set up the animal model of the traumatic myositis ossificans around the knee joints of the rabbits .
pathological examination had been done in the ninth week .
one can feel the ossified muscles around the stiff joint .
the model can mimic the clinical syndromes of traumatic myositis ossificans ; the method is in agreement with that reported in domestic as well as in foreign literatures .
to explore the effect of chinese medicinal herbs ( cmh ) on reconstruction of micrangium in fracture healing .
cmh could accelerate the development process of blood vessels in fracture area to ensure the blood supply in the course of fracture healing .
to study the relationship between pathological changes of paravetebral muscles and deformity of the spine in idiopathic scoliosis ( is ) .
histochemical and ultrastructural studies were carried out on the procured specimens of paravertebral muscles before and after the operation .
in the patients of small cobb 's angle ( 50 ) , paravertebral muscles were basically normal giving a balanced myodynamics of convex and concave side .
to investigate the result of new spinal fixator for the treatment of spondylolisthesis .
methods 18 cases of spondylolisthesis were treated with a new type of spinal fixator from july 1990 . the clinical result and the operation complications were observed .
the fixator has many advantages , such as simple application , maintaining fixation and less surgery trauma .
finally , the calculation results from this program are compared with that measured in the model testing .
to investigate the release characteristics and cytotoxicity of 5-fluorouracil loaded polylactide microspheres on lung cancer cell lines .
the release characteristic of 5-fu-pla microspheres was detected by constant temperature vibration dialysis assay .
the antitumor activities of 5-fu-pla microspheres against human and mouse lung , gastric and hepatocellular carcinoma cell lines were detected by mtt colorimetric assay .
the lung and gastric cancer cell lines were more sensitive than hepatocellular cancer cell line to 5-fu-pla microspheres .
the antitumor activity significantly correlated with the time of drug action and the dose of 5-fu released from the microspheres .
conclusion 5-fu is well distributed in 5-fu-pla microspheres . its preparing and releasing processes have no influence on the effect of 5-fu .
it can keep the antitumor activities for a relatively long time .
the current study provides an experimental basis for interventional therapy of tumors .
to study the influencing prognostic factors in surgical treatment for lung cancer .
the 5-year survival rates of patients with radical and palliative resection were 52.2 % and 25.1 % respectively ( p < 0.01 ) .
the 5-year survival rates for different pathological types were as follows : squamous cell carcinoma , 54.0 % ;
all of these provide the base for amending the collar 's structure model and the method of 3d-2d transformation .
the surface structural properties of dmf pretreated pet fabric treated by corona discharge are studied through xps , atr-ftir .
it shows that oxygen element is inplanted onto the fabric surface ;
after corona discharge treatment , crystalline decreases and armorphous increases and with the increasing time , they are alike to those of the original .
the tuff is a kind of predictable and new-type nonmetallic minerals resource .
some effective countermeasures for comprehensive utilization of mining slag are discussed in combination with the characteristics of mining slag of gushan mining company .
the aggregative index of the industrial products can exceed first-rate standard . the optimum technical requirements and parameters are proposed .
the evaluation of the comprehensive exploitation and utilization of mineral resources can be regarded as a mult-attribute decision-making issue .
different methods for determinating subsidence angle in mining design are introduced .
analysis and calculation are illustrated by the specific example of ground surface movement at the west shangqing mining field .
during the hydraulic conveying of solids-water mixtures in horizontal and vertical pipes , the specific pressure drop of the mixtures is relative to volumetric concentration of solids .
the experiment results show that the pqaam has excellent filtration and dewatering effects on the fine coal .
according to yanqianshan iron mine high-steep slope formed by combined three bench technology , the slope wireless monitor system has been set up .
during commercial-cale trial , the no. 9 sliding body was monitored . it reduced engineering cost of about 4 million yuan .
this paper expounds a real-time expert control system for cement rotary kiln .
in combination with the reality of the control system for cement rotary kiln , this paper describes the representation of knowledge and the algorlthm of inference machine .
the mechanism of splitting type rock burst of round chamber is analyzed from microcosmic viewpoint .
the preventive measures and the monitoring methods of rockburst are suggested .
in the thesis the excavation process and control measure of technique quality of oversize crvsher tunnel are introduced , and excavation thoughtway of oversize tunnel is developed .
. their economic value is determined by the color , mineral s composition and transparency .
it provides an effective way for the wet separation of microbeads from coal ash .
coal is the main fossil resources and energy , but meanwhile it is also a main pollution source in china .
this paper analyses the factors influencing on the life of large size vibro-drawing electromotors and platforms during their designing , manufactoring , installing and maintaining .
the results have some implication to recovering scattered remnant copper ore .
an economic assessments offered in this paper show that using this device would get higher comprehensive benefits .
the design can be applied to oil-well and coal-well as well .
in this paper , the technique of preparation of active zno by one-step process from zns is studied .
the technology of coating tio2 film on the surface of ultra-fine calcined coal kaolin particle was studied .
the column magnetic separator in 30mm diameter is tested to separate v-ti magnetite ore from panzhihua .
the eis ( executive information systen ) is the new development of mis .
the new think break through the limitation of data management system of traditional eis radically and improve the validity and practicability of eis effectively .
the research fruit must be beneficial to promote the study and the practicality of eis .
at the same time , the results using the model in jinling iron mine are satisfactory .
to observe the absorbing trend of alveolar ridge after complete denture and implanted- overdenture .
a latent fire hazard diagnosis method , which is based on infrared thermal images of electric cable surfaces , is presented in this paper .
this paper discusses in detail how to build autonomous learning agents .
comparison with related works is discussed at the end of the paper .
a simulation test shows that the robust genetic algorithm performs satisfactorily .
the flow behavior of magnetreological fluids in fixed magnetrode configuration is described , and a series of new flowing phenomenon is found .
some of the experiment result was presented in this paper .
an active bandpass er-doped-fiber ring resonator is proposed that uses the er-doped-fiber amplification to compensate for round-trip optical loss .
the experiments show that it can be used to filter a narrow-bandwidth laser light to obtain a narrower output spectrum .
an analysis is presented for target tracking with a short range multistatic radar system in this paper .
the velocity vector is introduced into the model describing target motion , which depicts the target moving more precisely .
yfeo3 and y1-xznfeo3 are p-type semiconductors and the conductivity of y1-xznxfeo3 is higher than that of yfeo3 .
the sudden change temperatures of yfeo3 and y0.94zn0.06feo3 are 470c and 400c respectively .
flexibility of manufacturing systems has conventionally been associated with their ability to manufacture a variety of part types or products .
a new model that involves almost all levels of big m manufacturing processes is presented . a brief discussion is given on the solution approaches to the models .
it is an interesting topic to extend softwares for virtual physics experiments from the narrow scope of a single machine or local area network to the internet .
the software for the data processing has been written and some kinds of liquids and powder materials have been measured by the method .
it is found that the superposition hypothesis is quite valid for the mean field of the complex wake and qualitatively supported by second-order velocity .
however , discrepancy between measurements and calculations occurs qualitatively and quantitatively for the third-order velocity products .
the turbulent combustion in a three-dimensional turbofan afterburner is numerically investigated . the afterburner has two ring flame stabilizers and two rows of radial flame stabilizers .
the turbulence model is the standard k- two-equation model , and the turbulent combustion model is eddy-break-up ( ebu ) model . the simple algorithm is used .
the results are qualitatively reasonable .
in addition , simple formula is presented for constructing lyapunov function in linear systems .
the method is applied to designing a robust control system for a practical industrial plant with satisfactory results .
local structure of ( ge4si4 ) 5 superlattice grown on si ( 001 ) has been studied by grazing-incident fluorescence x-ray absorption fine structure ( xafs ) .
a simple mechanism of intermixing via site-exchange and surface segregation is proposed .
the computation of geometric continuity is one of the key problems in computer aided geometric design ( cagd ) .
increasing combustion speed increases the pressure and temperature on both sides of the flame front .
the flame front is transformed into an interface as soon as the flame is extinguished , and the interface is almost stopped .
also , the rarefaction waves propagates into the unburned and burned gases .
increased tube length will contribute to the deflagration to detonation transition .
due to direct piezoelectric effect , the micro-gyroscope can be driven in a resonant state with a 0.3 v ac source .
the output is detected by the reverse piezoelectric effect and is nearly linearly proportional to the rotational speed .
its operation principle is given , and the theory is confirmed by experimental results . the total area of the micro-gyroscope is 2.7 mm 2.7 mm .
the sensitivity of this sample micro-gyroscope is -30.8 v. v-1 .
( /sec ) -1 with a measurement range of 150 /sec at a resonant frequency of 73.84 khz .
the effects of various stiffening configurations on the nonlinear dynamic response and efficiency of stiffened plates under lateral impact loading are discussed .
the computations are in qualitative agreement with some experimental data for post-stall vortex control .
in order to show the characteristics of the model , the special forms under hydr o-static condition and one-dimensional strain condition have also been given .
the new model has obvious physical meaning and it shows clearly the contribution of different component contacts to overall constitutive responses .
typical experimental results of al / cu uni-axle compression test show that the model 's prediction is in good agreement with the experimental data .
a fast detection method for ultrasonic parameters , which is used in calculating features of concrete flaws by means of computer softw ares , is presented .
compared with the cycle compare method in reference 2 , it has quicker calculating speed , higher accuracy and better stability .
accordingly , code-controlled byte swapping and code-controlled bit swapping for the generation of pseudo-rando m sequences are put forward .
it is the authors ' hope that the variable enumerati ve system can be applied to other fields .
in this paper , an intelligent cai system for english instruction icai-eng is presented .
to evaluate the performance of the filter , mit / bih database is used , which proved that the filter can remove baseline drift effectively .
the scheduling of nonuniform loop is one of the most frequently encountered problems in parallel computing .
dynamic scheduling inevitably brings much overhead , however , it is very difficult to keep the load balance among processors if only static scheduling is used .
single crystals of la2cab10o19 have be en grown for the first time by the pulling method .
in different growth runs , the crystals tenaciously show the well developed { 001 } pinacoid .
its decomposition behavior was also observed with the electrochemical method .
the material 's conducting behaviors in air and n2 atmospheres are studied and it is found that cd2nb2o7 exhibits a typical surface resistance controlling type behavior .
the results of the tests of the gas-sens ing properties indicate that cd2nb2o7 displays good sensitivity , selectivity and quick response-recovery to ethanol gas .
the study provides practical calculation examples of this model and lays a reliable theoretical basis to reduce waste-ratio and realize zero-waste control .
in this paper the saddle-point approximation algorithm is modified and the iteration formula and its pratical realization are given for solving linear programming problems .
also the proof of global convergence of the algorithm is presented , which is of value for discussions of convergence of more general algorithms .
as application , two new fixed point theorems are obtained .
as a example , ( 1,2 ) th kdv hierarchy is solved and a new solution of this hierarchy is obtained .
a new fast algorithm is presented to solve the data association in multitarget tracking in cluttered environment .
the simulation shows that the successful ratio of the new algorithm approximates jpdaf with slightly increased cpu times in comparison with pdaf in multitarget tracking .
the experiment results indicate that the approach is effective and useful for the clinical medicine .
b-spline function can be used as the membership function in the fuzzy neural system .
the paper also gives the design procedure and the experiment results of the improved b-spline networks .
the effectiveness and practicality of the proposed strategy have been verified through an actual motor velocity control system experiment .
this paper develops some improved iteration methods for thermal networks and gives an example to explain the algorithm .
these methods can be applied to the modelling and simulating of industrial processes .
a concept hierarchy model is proposed to express different status in different layers for the same concept .
by means of the term rewrite technology , concept queries are translated to the combination of some basic query types .
high-speed modems are widely used in telecommunications networks . shell mapping is one of the most important techniques to improve t he performance of a modem .
first , the chmm is applied as the front-end to process the time sequence of speech and the primary recognition information is provided in this step .
removal of the power interference is a key technology in the acquisition of weak signals .
the traditional method to remove power frequency interference is to use a notch filter or adaptive filter .
in this paper , a novel approach to removing power frequency interference from biomedical signals based on independent component analysis ( ica ) is studied .
the basic theory and algorithm of ica is briefly introduced .
numerical computation and experimental techniques are applied to the investigate of the interaction of a moving body with free surface in the stratified fluid .
the experimental research was conducted in a water tank , and the stratified fluids were composed of water-brine or water-diesel oil .
the experimental results show that a typical deformation of free surface is produced when the small sphere is towed near this thermocline .
the experimental evidence of mach reflection of gaseous detonation waves diffracting an obstacle are presented in our paper .
the main factor that determines the shock-shock angle and the pressure behind the mach stem is also analysed here .
various existing anisotropic yield criteria for metal sheet forming are reviewed and discussed in this paper .
through testing the correctness of these expressions is proved .
the hollow shaft turns round at the range of 180 and the eccentric axis turns round at the range of 90 driven by each stepping motor .
when positioning , the fiber end moves constantly on the focal plate without deviating from the focal plane .
testing results demonstrate that this new double revolving optical fiber positioning unit device well satisfies the requirements of lamost .
coagulation factor x ( fx ) is a plasma protein which plays an important role in blood coagulation .
using the physical-chemical model in reference [ 4 ] , a study for so2 scavenging under cloud base by rain is undertaken .
the influences of the rain intensity , size distribution of raindrops , ph of aerosols , concentration of so2 and nh3 on the rain scavenging coefficients are discusse d.
the formation mechanism of the surface layer in the " heiqigu " bronze mirror was found to be connected with a special processing technique .
the problem of when a dynamical system can be lifted to a markov subshift is considered .
it is proved that if it can be lifted by a so-called characteristic map it should be expansive and has the pseudo orbit tracing property .
the properties of the cathode fall region are discussed by applying one-dimensional model of non-equilibrium plasma region adjacent to an electric arc cathode .
decomposition of the emg signal is a procedure by which the emg signal is separated into its constituent motor unit action potential trains ( muapt ) .
the emg signal usually contains the superposition of the muap produced by a number of neurons in the vicinity of the electrode .
it is therefore necessary to correctly classify the signals generated by different neurons . in this paper this problem is discussed and a classification scheme is developed .
first , the basic motor unit action potentials ( muaps ) are obtained using matched filter , which enables waveform 's shape or amplitude during a muscle contraction .
then , based on these muaps , superimposed waveforms is classified according to area relationship and fuzzy membership function .
the decomposition method has been tested on simulated and real emg data , and the results are satisfactory .
the division grew rapidly in number and influence among the chinese students learning in usa . there were 714 members on may 1 , 1950 .
this paper inquires into the evolution of the division and compiles a chronological table of official s who served in it .
the fan memorial institute of biology in peiping was a very famous institute of biology during the period of the republic of china .
based on historical ar chieves , this article recounts the historical facts during that time .
in this paper , the author introduces the illustration named zheng he going to the south seas which was newly found in the book tianfei jing .
the shape of the team of ships in the illustration could be regarded as a proof that zheng he 's treasure ship is of the f u type .
these two books were discovered in the collection of the library of bukkyo university in jatpan .
this paper attempts to give some discussion on the map which may be related to matteo ricci .
( 2 ) he was the earliest person to succeed in shooting portraits with use of photography on glass .
fryer 's translation of the terms of those chemical elements , particularly in the area of organic chemistry , played an essential role in the 19th century .
huang zongzhen was one of the important members in making preparations for the establishment of the chinese academy of sciences .
he also recalled his personal experiences about his participation in starting the scientific era and his joining the association of chinese scientific workers .
the setting up of organizations in the initial stage of the chinese academy of sciences was identical on the whole with what was designed in the draft .
this paper attempts to deal with the early introduction and studies on the western reflecting octant in china .
it is a direct introduction of the basic content of traditional indian medicine ? - ? the original document of yurveda .
the restricted factors are lack of language advantage , confined and comprehensive working mode and lack of communication with indexing institution .
and we also discuss the prediction and control of emulsion in the extraction of antibiotics , and present the view of critical emulsion molecular weight of proteins .
ciclosporin oral solution was determined by a modified hplc method .
the method was simple and accurate and can be used for the quality control of ciclosporin oral solution .
there are no statistical differences in three cephalosporins ( p > 0.05 ) .
the relative hydrolysis rate of combina-tion ratio 4 : 1 ( piperacillin / tazobactam ) was lower than that of 8 : 1 , also had statistical significance .
the availability of compounds to piperacillin and tazobactam could greatly improve the stability of -lactamases .
taking levofloxacin lactate 200mg i.v bid for 7 ~ 14 days .
the cure rate reached 55.6 % the efficacy rate 88.9 % and bacterial eradication rate was 90 % respectively and the adverse effect was 8.2 % .
in the course of screening for immunosuppressants with a simple saccharomyces model , a fungus phoma sp . 299 was found to be a positive strain .
their structures are identified as verrucarin a and b respec-tively based on their spectroscopic data .
various kinds of marcroporous adsorption resin were used to extract tylosin from filter liquor .
the isotherm equation was according to freundlich type .
the recovery rate of 84.6 % could be obtained in application of methanol-citric acid buffer as eluent .
the marcroporous alkaline resin d290 was selected to served as decolorant .
by this method the purity of tylosin could reach 97 % .
penicillin g potassium salt can be oxidized by hydrogen peroxide or peracetic acid to give sulfoxide with a yield of 91.5 % .
show that hydrogen peroxide can also be used as well as peracetic acid .
gas holdup in an external-loop airlift bioreactor was investigated , through which an experimental characteristic equation was obtained .
the protective effects of these two rhg-csfs were very similar resulted by increasing of wbc , dna of bone marrow and protrude of spleen ( cfu-s ) significantly .
the results indicated that pharmacodynamic effect with dosage 100 g/kg parenterally were no significant different between domestic and japan-made rhg-csf ( p > 0.05 ) .
in the above mentioned mice modules of neutropenia . the domestic rhg-csf showed good dose-dependency .
levofloxacin lactate has a broad spectrum and a potent activity against both gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria .
the antibacterial activities were comparable to those of imported levofloxacin and higher than that of ofloxacin .
the mic90 of two agents were same 0.125 mg/l .
to study the therapeutic efficacy of new generation fluoroquinolones drug-sparfloxacin ( shi bao fu-made in shan xi da tong tian feng pharmaceutical company ) in treating mdr-tb .
as part of a program aimed at discovering novel immunosuppressive agents , we have isolated a streptomyces hygroscopicus no. 1014 .
based on the spectral data and physico-chemical properties of sipi-96-1014 , it has been identified as o-hydroxyacetanilide .
to determine whether bleomycin a5 can inhibit angiogenesis and cancer metastasis . methods : 1 .
a vessel-decreased or avascular zone appeared on the chick cam around the pellet which contained bleomycin a5 . 2 .
after administration of bleomycin a5 , subcutaneously inoculated tumors were smaller than those of controls , and looked pale with sparse capillaries .
necrosis could be seen commonly .
furthermore , it has a markedly antimetastatic effect .
a simple hplc method was established for the determination of ceftriaxone in human plasma . acetonitrile was used as deproteinizing agent for the plasma samples .
it has been applied successfully to the determination of ceftriaxone in patients after operation on chest .
the pharmacokinetics of cefodizime was investigated in patients with different degree of renal dysfunction . a single dose of 16.2mg / kg of cefodizime was injected in vein .
this suggests that dose adjustments are not neccesary in lung carcinoma patients with mildly impaired renal function .
one patient had to withdraw from sparfloxacin group due to severe vomiting and nausea . there was no photosenstivity reaction .
in conclusion , the results showed that sparfloxacin is well tolerated and as effictive as lomefloxacin but more convenicence .
for acinetobacter the mic50and mic90 were 0.125 and 1mg / l , 4 ~ 8 times more active than the other fluroquinolones .
ninety percent of strains of salmonellae were inhibited by less than 0.06mg / l , correspond to other fluroquinolones .
both of the antibacterial are very effective and safe in treating bacterial infections .
betenafine is a novel antifungal agent of the class allylamine derivatives .
the incidence of relapse rate of betenafine cream after topical treatment was lower than those of three reference drugs .
betenafine cream may have potential for the treatment of dermatophytosis in humans .
the study is to assess the treatment in gonococcal urethritis ( gu ) complicated with chlamydia trachomatis ( ct ) with sparfloxacin ( splx ) .
the result shows that domestic sparfloxacin was efficacious and lower therapeutic cost for the treatment of ng complicated with ct urethritis .
levofloxacin and ceftriaxone have similar curative effect and safety in the treatment of aged patients with bacterial lower-respiratory infections .
subculture test indicated that the hereditary character of strain 98-1-227 was relatively stable .
the morphological and biochemical characters between strain 98-1-227 and strain 97-5-74 were compared .
protoplast of the streptomyces aureofaciens 4-28 strain was mutated by uv , a high-yielding strain h32-37 was obtained .
to evaluate the efficacy of sparfloxacin in the treatment of gonorrhea and non-gonococcal urethritis .
one hundred-ten patiens were treated with sparfloxacin , 200mg / time , once a day for 7 ~ 10d .
na-209a and b inhibit acat activity in an enzyme assay system using rat liver microsomes by 50 % at concentrations of 60.6 and 86.7 mol/l , respectively .
a metabolite named s-9818 was obtained in a peak amount at 5th day in the mycelia mainly .
in this system , the extraction equilibrium equation is listed , and the mathematical model of extraction distribution was proposed .
show that the new extraction systems possess remarkable advantages in technology and economics .
the solvent consumption during the extraction process decresses form 9 ~ 10 to < 3kg / billion unit .
the product of gallimycin is qualified and its recovery yield is almost equal to that of butylacetate extraction process .
in addition , the recovrey process of solvent from the raffinate may be eliminated , and the energy consumption was also reduced .
this process has now been applied in the mass production of tylosin in our plant .
a simple hplc method was established for the determination of brodimoprim in human plasma and urine .
this method is accurate and reliable . it is useful to the pharmacokinetic study of brodimoprim .
these results demonstrated that zj522 has activity against fungi with broad-spectrum and high-potency , superior to that of its analogue fluconazole .
the measured results were well in correspondence with that of chinese pharmacopoeia 's nonaqueous titrations method . so the modified method could be further used in practice .
to evalute the release of endotoxin from gram-negative bacterium after incubated with different types of antibiotics on sub-mic .
the bacterial viable counts and morphological features also were studied .
the study shows that ciprofloxacin ceftazidime and piperacillin induced the highest amounts of endotoxin release , then followed with amikacin .
the endotoxin levels vary with the antibiotics used .
-lactamase of isoelectric point ( pi ) 7.6 was the main enzyme producing by esbl-producing stains , followed by -lactamase of pi8.2 .
esbl-producing stains were widely distributed in our hospital . esbl-producing stains were isolated from 23 wards .
two or four grams of the two drugs were administered per day each for 7 ~ 14 days .
the adverse reactions of the two drugs , mainly skin rashes , were mild and transient , the incidences were 7.0 % and 4.3 % respectively .
the differences between the two groups were all not statistical significant ( p > 0.05 ) .
to study the immunomodulating effects of imipenem / cilastatin ( ipm / cs ) and amikacin ( amk ) in pneumonic rats .
ipm / cs and amk could promote or restrain the immune response of t lymphocytes and macrophages in pneumonic rats , respectively .
the serum concentration of roxithromycin was tested by hplc in 48h .
in conclusion , lfm showed good immunesuppressive effects in autoimmune diseases and organ transplantation in mice and rats .
hplc is selected to determine the concentration of aclarubicin a in plasma and in main organisms .
the concentratin of acrb-a-pla-np in liver is higher than that of the reference .
acrb-a can be significantly concentrated in liver after prepared in nanoparticle .
to observe levofloxacin lactate 's therapeutic effect in female 's urinary and genital tracts infection of chlamydia and chlamydia with gonococcus .
all patients were treated for 7 days .
the effective rates of levoflo xacin and comparision group were 95 % and 97 % respectively . no statistically significant differences were observed .
the adverse reaction rates of the two groups were 14 % and 49 % respectively , there was significant difference .
the adverse reactions rate was only 7.14 % in sparfloxacin group and lower than 36.67 % of minocycline ( p < 0.01 ) .
a 7-day regimen with sparfloxacin was found to be satisfactory for the treatment of nongonococcal urethritis .
the cure rates of the two groups were 90 % ( 27 / 30 ) and 93.3 % ( 28 / 30 ) , respectively .
there was no statistically significant differences between them ( p > 0.05 ) .
it is dynemicin h which contains an anthraquinone portion .
the structural study of c5308-c was underway .
a new technique is studied for producing high purity oxytetracycline ( otc ) .
packed with sephades g-10 ( 40 ~ 120 m ) ; eluant : ph7.0 , 0.01mol / l phosphate buffer ;
flow rate : 1.8ml / min ;
sample volume : 200 l ;
detector : bp 9300 high molecular weight impurity analyzer .
eluant : ph7.0 , 1.0mol / l phosphate buffer ;
flow rate : 1.8ml / min ;
sample volume : 200 l ;
deterctor : bp 9300 high molecular impurity analyzer .
this article reports the separation of tetracycline and its related compounds on three kinds of polymer columns . 3011-o column .
to estabish a hplc assay method for the determination of pirarubicin ( prb ) in plasma .
the method has been used in clinical therapeutic drug monitoring and pharmacokinetics study of prb .
the preparation of lyophlized aclarubicin a poly-lactide nanoparticle for injection and the drug releasing mechanism in vitro were studied .
showed that the lyophlized product had a good appearance and easily reconstituted in the injection media ;
while the in vitro drug releasing mechanism could be expressed in the combined three formulas of fit , and manifested itself a significant characteristic of sustained release properties .
in general , both sulbactam and clavulanic acid had poorer inhibitory activities at ph6.0 than at ph8.0 .
the dependence of inhibitors on ph and time were best explained by the hypothesis .
the study suggested that attention should be paid to the significance of characteristic of -lactamases inhibitors in clinical trial .
to investigate the antibiotics resistant rate and distribution from various sources of 803 strains of gram negative bacilli .
vetek ams 32 was used to identify bacteria and perform the drug susceptibility tests .
the maximum antibiotic resistant rate were ampicillin ( 92 % ) , tetracycline ( 78 % ) , cefozolin ( 73 % ) .
the dosage of ipm / cs was 0.5g 2 ~ 3 times per a day for 7 ~ 14 days .
the effective rates of cpz / sb , ipm/cs and caz were 86.7 % , 90 % and 81.3 % respectively .
the bacteriological clearance rates of cpz / sb , ipm/cs and caz were 83 % , 86 % and 78 % respectively .
the incidence of adverse drug reactions of each group were 6.7 % , 10 % and 9.3 % respectively .
cpz / sb , ipm/cs and caz applied to the elder patients who suffered from severe pulmonary infections are effective and safe .
immunosuppressive activities of f904 was more potent than cyclosporin ( csa ) both in vitro and in vivo .
to discuss the effect of azithromycin capslules on gonorrhoeal urethritis and gonorrhoeal vaginitis .
ninety-two out of one hundred and twelve cases of gonorrhoeal vaginitis were completely cured , with a cure rate of 82.14 % .
sixty-one out of sixty-six cases with gonorrhoeal urethritis were cured , with a cure rate of 92.42 % .
to investigate the efficacy and safety of sparfloxacin in the treatment of venereal prostatitis .
seventy five patients were randomized divided into two groups , a group ( n = 37 ) was orally given sparfloxacin 0.2g once a day ;
in case of treatment failure , the regimen was follwed for another course , and then terminated at the end for assessment of therapy .
showed that the clinical cure rate of two groups were 86.5 % and 65.8 % respectively .
the difference was statistically significant ( 2 = 4.4403 , p < 0.05 ) .
the chemical constitution of self-made cefradine dihydrate crystal agreed with that reported in the literature on the whole .
after being administrated with sitafloxacin , the urine and bile samples of rat , dog , monkey and human were determined respectively .
aim : to evaluate the efficacy and safety of azithromycin in the treatment of bacterial infections .
the 94 patients with lower respiratory tract infection were divided at random into 2 groups ( 47 for each group ) .
the treatment group were treated with azithromycin 0.5g in 5 % glucose injection 500ml , iv drip , qd for 5 ~ 7d .
the total response rate and the cure rate of 59 patients treated with azithromycin was 93.2 % and 62.7 % .
azithromycin is an effective agent in the treatment of the acquired lower respiratory tract infection and urogenital tract infection with slight adverse reaction .
to study and compare the in vitro antimicrobial activity of six drugs ( rifampin etc ) against mycobacteria tuberculosis .
0.06 , <
the best strategy for treating patients infected by durg-resistant isolates is to select effective drugs according to the results of drug susceptibility test .
all above evidences suggested that ciprofloxacin beared visible damage to the cartilage of immature animals .
the analysis of outer membrane proteins showed that a protein of 55kd disappeared in rg2 .
these results indicated that the alteration of dna gyrase , outer membrane permeability defect and active drug efflux are the factors contributing to the quinolone resistance of s.typhi .
to explore the relationship between fluconazole-resistance and mutations of erg11 gene encoding cytochrome p450 lanosterol 14 -demethylase ( p450-14dm ) , the target of azole drugs .
it is likely to suggest the relationship of the gene mutations of erg11 effect on the amino acid sequence and the fluconazole-resistance .
a randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted to evaluate the efficacy , safety and suitable course of treatment of valaciclovir in the treatment of recurrent genital herpes .
the valaciclovir group of one month therapy could significantly reduce recurrence frequency ( p < 0.0 1 ) , but not the other two groups .
to evaluate the clinical efficacy of domestic sparfloxacin tablets in treating various bacterial infections .
the other open label growp ( n = 20 ) , with bacterial infcctions was only treated by sparfloxacin .
it was concluded that sparfloxacin is very effective in the tretment of bacterial infections with few adverse reactions , and convenient in administration .
side effects : six patients had rash while other one had tinnitus .
etimicin sulfate is an effective bactericide in the treatment of orthopedic post-operative infection , and combinated with cephalosporins or penicillins can enhance the bactericidal effect .
the incidence of adverse events of etimicin were 3.43 % , and usually the adverse events were mild and need not any treatment .
it was concluded that etimicin is a highly effectively and safe broad spectrum antibacterial agent for the treatment of infection diseases .
the dosage of each day was 200 ~ 300mg for 5 ~ 10 days .
all patients checked white blood cell , pathogenic bacterias , hepato-renal function before and after the test .
some patients had audition and vestibule tests .
adverse reactions rate 4.51 % . so etimicin sulfate is a new , effective and safe antibiotics .
the efficacy and safty of etimicin sulfate were evaluated through an open-parallelled , multicenter study .
all adverse events were of mild severity . the data suggested that etimicin sulfate is effective and generally well tolerated in the treatment of acute bacterial infections .
to study the efficacy and safety of etimicin sulfate for the treatment of acute antibacerial infections .
the efficacy rate of the etimicin sulfate used solely was 95.65 % , cure rate of 82.61 % and the adverse durg event rate was 4.35 % respectively .
etimicin sulfate has a potent therapeutic efficay in acute bacterial infections and is a safe antibiotic .
the results indicated that etimicin sulfate is saftety and efficient in treating the lower respiratory tract infection .
to observe the therapeutic efficacy and bacteriological examination of etimicin to genitourinary system infections .
the rate of efficacy was 87.5 % , while bacterial clearance rate was 82.2 % .
no other adverse reaction or toxicity and nephrotoxicity was observed with the exception of one patient with alt slightly higher and the other with a slight dizzy .
etimicin sulfate is an effective agent for genitourinary system infections , its adverse reaction is slight .
to observe the clinical efficacy of etimicin sulfate to the infections of soft tissue .
no other adverse reaction or toxicity and nephrotoxicity was observed with the exception of 28 patients with slight dizziness .
etimicin sulfate is an effective agent with slightly adverse reactions for the infections of soft tissue .
to evaluate the safety of etimicin sulfate in elder patients with infection .
sixty-two elder patients treated for seven days were divided into two groups at random .
to sum up , etimicin is superior to chloramphenicol as an auristilla .
this paper studied the pharmacokinetics of etimicin combine with piperacillin ( pipc ) in 10 japanese white rabits by using a crossover design .
there was no significant difference ( p > 0.05 ) between the parameters of the two groups .
therefore , it can be concluded that etimicin is not a hazard to general reproductive toxicity .
to evaluate the clinical efficacy of etimicin sulfate for the treatment of complicated infections in rheumatic immunologic patients .
the clinical efficacy and bacterial examinations of etimicin sulfate group were distinctively better than the amikacin sulfate treated group with fewer side effects .
etimicin sulfate is a potent and safe antibiotic with significant efficacy for the treatment of complicated infections in rheumatic immunologic patients .
the total clinical efficacy rate was 80.58 % and bacteria eradication rate was 89.66 % , adverse reaction was 3.88 % .
show that etimicin sulfate is effective in patients with respiratory infection .
all of the patients completed routine pulmonary function testing and blood gases analysing .
the decrease of sao2 during exercise was significantly related with rv , rest pao2 and paco2 , sao2min was weakly correlated with the change of tcd/vt .
hypoxemia was unrelated with exercise capacity .
to study effects of pressure treatment on dropsy of the affected hand in stroke patients .
the other one was control group , without any pressure therapy .
all patients accept physical therapy and occupational therapy . the term was 25 days .
pressure therapy is an effective treatment on affected hand dropsy with stroke .
to investigate the reliability of an one-arm crank ergometry protocol used for exercise test for patients with hemiplegia .
the protocol could induce the effective hemodynamic change , which could bring the necessary heart stress burden .
as the burden was added gradually and under control , the protocol could be used for the exercise test for hemiplegia .
to observe whether motor function recovery of upper and lower extremities is different .
there was improvement in motor function of both upper and lower extremity at 4 weeks after onset ( p < 0.001 ) .
however , the degree of motor recovery between upper and lower extremity is similar , 30.0 % and 31.0 % , respectively , p = 0.20 .
however , the degree of motor recovery between upper and lower extremity in each group wss similar ( p > 0.05 ) .
actions are needed to intensify upper extremity rehabilitation treatment in early stage .
to investigate the pattern and probable factors of diurnal blood pressure ( bp ) change with cerebral infarction of the aged patients in convalescence .
to evaluate the effects of naogongfude ( a kind of compound prescripition of chinese herbs ) on brain injury in the wistar rats .
to establish the internet website of rehabilitation medicine using frontpage 98 and dreamweaver 2.01 for programming .
the site enriched in many useful cases and refreshed .
with smart and friendly interface , easy used navigation , the site has run reliably and stably in tcp / ip environment .
to introduce a new method to improve training speed and scale limitation in artificial limb .
the method had good convergence properties and accuracy compared with conventional ones .
to study closed-loop control in use of functional neuromuscular stimulation . stimulation output strength can be real-time regulated according to feedback signals .
to use p-type iterative learning control ( ilc ) on normal person and hemiplegic patient by upper extremity elbow joint movement angle feedback control . result &
p-type ilc is a simple algorithm , and the parameter is easy adjusted , variable change controlled smothly , and trace tracking accruacy is high .
inmovement control of normal person and hemiplegic patient , it primarily reaches the expected effects .
more expression of cgrp at second and fourth week was observed in laser irradiation group comparing to the control group .
the expression of cgrp in spinal cord could be changed by diode laser irradiation with power output of 15mw on injured sciatic nerve in rat .
to study the changes of creatine kinase ( ck ) activity in ageing of rats and to investigate the possible interrelation of ck and biological ageing process .
ck activity in plasma , heart , brain , and skeletal muscle of old rats were decreased significantly ( p < 0.001 ~ 0.05 ) .
there was no statistical significance for the elevation of ck level in bladder of old rat .
author 's address dept . of rehabili . medicine , the first affiliated hospital , sun yat-sen university of medical sciences , guangzhou , 510080
to study the relationship between the rehabilitation intervening time and the effect on patients with cerebral hemorrhage .
the best time of intervening is 15 to 30 days after stroke .
in this period it might be more effective , and could reduce danger of reccurrence of cerebral hemorrhage .
author 's address the affliated hospital of changzhi medical college , shanxi , 046000
to determine the clinical effects of the rehabilitation treatment for stiff knee .
the rehabilitation treatment of stiff knee could achieve clinical effects .
isokinetic exercise may be helpful to improve the rom of stiff knee patients . author 's address dept . of rehabil .
zhongshan hospital , shanghai medical university , shanghai , 200032
to investigate the functional prognosis of early physical therapy ( pt ) applied to acute stroke patient .
to study the effect of rehabilitation intervention time on the consequence hemiplegia after stroke .
author 's address dept . of rehabil , the second hospital of hebei medical university , shijiazhuang , 050000
to evaluate the effects of early five grades mobilization in patients soon after acute myocardial infarction ( ami ) and to probe it 's feasibility .
a comparative study was taken retrospectively between the two groups .
the early five grades mobilization in patients of cardiac rehabilitation soon after ami was feasible and safe .
the mortality and rate of thrombosis or embolus decrease . author 's address dept . of cardiology , chinese pla general hospital , beijing , 100853
to guide the cardiovascular patients to do suitable rehabilitation training .
using the dynamic cardiogram ( holter ) and nucleon myocardial raster display ( 201tl ) to compare the situation of mi .
holter gave a positive rate 78.5 % of mi and 94.2 % detected rate with 201tl .
there were many no symptomatic mi in the patients especially over 60 years old .
to study the characteristics of surface electromyogram ( emg ) signals and to realize the quantitative analysis during muscle fatigue .
the fractal dimension of emg signals increased when the muscle gradually falls into fatigue state .
to investigate the effect and mechanism of fastigial nucleus stimulation ( fns ) treating vascular dementia ( vd ) in aging rats .
chronic frontal cerebral hypoperfusion was performed in aging rats by permanent bilateral common carotid artery occlusion ( pbccao ) method , thus the animal vd model was established .
the cognitive function of rats was measured in a computerized shuttle-training case before and after fns .
author 's address dept . of neurology , first hospital , the third military medical university , chongqing , 400038
to study effects of neural electrophysiological functional revocery of rat irradiated by different power output of he-ne laser .
author 's address dept . of rehabil . , xijing hospital , fourth military medical university , xi 'an , 710032
author 's address dept . of rehabil . southwestern hospital , the third military medical university , chongqing , 400038
to study effects and mechanism of brain behavior on cardiovascular regulation during isometric exercise ( ie ) .
author 's address dept . of rehabil . the first affiliated hospital of nanjing medical university , nanjing , 210029
the averaged agonist emg activity had significantly increased ( p < 0.05 ) but the restraint of the antagonistic muscles had not increased ( p > 0.05 ) .
to observe effects and the safety of an independent exercise for hemiplegic patients .
exercise consisted of three levels . all patients had received training program twice a day for two weeks .
the brunnstrom 's motor function , blood pressure and pulse were measured before and after training .
brunnstrom 's motor function increasing grade 1 ~ 3 was considered as clinically significant improvement .
to investigate the value of auditory p300 in assessing cognitive dysfunctions of different patients with leukoaraiosis ( la ) .
author 's address jilin railway central hospital , jilin , 132001
to investigate walking speed of hemiplegic patients with or without ankle-foot orthosis ( afo ) .
author 's address dept . of rehabil . beijing hospital , 100730
to determine the main impairment of linguistic level on naming is through investigation of the occurance of rates of different types of paraphasias .
to identify ways of improving stroke patients ' motivation in order to increase patients self-help exercise period .
author 's address hebei province peoples ' hospital , no. 348 , hepingxilu , shijiazhuang , 050051
a search for the ways of rehabilitation of patients with fecal incontinence after spinal cord injury , and enhancing their defecationability .
defecation was trained at regular intervals .
author 's address dept . of rehabil . first affiliated hospital , sun yat-sen university of medical sciences , guangzhou , 510080
to develop the real-time analysis system of human motion .
normal charge coupled device ( ccd ) was used to measure and analyze human motion image by acquiring the images dynamically and recognizing and tracking the landmarks automatically .
the system realizes the human motion image measurement and analysis online .
to design and program multimedia medical teaching system of lumbar intervertebral disc degeneration for network environment .
3running reliable and stable in local network environment and internet .
standard evaluation for therapeutic effects was performed by using lidp scoring .
the abnormal rate of attack ( 89.3 % ) was higher than that of intermission ( 65.4 % ) .
it was concluded that tcd could provide valuable references for the diagnosis and rehabilitation assessment of vbi .
it was suggested that the effect of joint mobilization is better than that of traditional group in treating scapulohumeral periarthritis .
it was considered that treatment rehabilitation could promote the improvement of ability of physical activities and cardiac functions of the patients with chf .
it was suggested that group therapy had an obvious long-term effect on the emotion of the old patients , and on intellectual and living ability to some extent .
the results showed that the abnormality rate of the lower extremities was higher than that of the upper ones .
the sensory conduction velocity ( scv ) was more sensitive than muscular conduction velocity ( mcv ) , especially the sural nerve .
in combination with the clinical manifestation , the diagnosis rate for diabetic neuropathy was increased from 19 % to 71 % .
it was believed that ncv might be of valuable in the early diagnosis of diabetic neuropathy .
the basis formulating this plan was discussed .
it was concluded that neuronal axonal sprouting and regeneration occurred at the late period of infarction , suggesting cerebral ischemia could result in neuronal plasticity of the neurons .
if possible , the same distance was used as best as one can to perform radiation .
the effect of acupuncture therapy on the recovery of movement function in the children with spastic diplegia was investigated .
the gesell development quotient was assessed before and after treatment .
it was concluded that acupuncture combined with function training could effectively improve the therapeutic effects of spastic diplegia children .
other 28 cases of diabetes mellitus-ii only received the routine medical treatment as control group .
it was suggested that exercise therapy was an assistant treatment for diabetes mellitus-ii and its complications .
it was suggested that comprehensive treatment could slow down the progress of disease and improve the living quality of the dcm patients .
the rehabilitation effects of carotid perfusion in the treatment of cerebral infarction was investigated .
control group ( n = 64 ) receiving routine therapy and venous administration .
it was suggested that carotid perfusion had an obvious effects on the rehabilitation of cerebral infarction and earlier treatment could obtain better results .
the therapeutic effects of low-energy he-ne laser intravascular irradiation ( lhlii ) therapy for cerebral infarction and the effects of lhlii on hemorrheology were studied .
fouty-eight cases of cerebral infarction were randomly divided into routine treatment group and lhlii therapy group .
the patients in the lhlii therapy group received lhlii therapy except routine treatment .
after 4-week treatment , the therapeutic effects were evaluated and the changes in hemorrheology and blood lipids were observed .
the results showed that the effective rate was 79.1 % and 62.5 % in the lhlii therapy group and routine treatment group respectively ( p0.05 ) .
one hundred patients were randomly divided into 5 groups given different doses of morphine and various concentrations of bupivacain for comparison and observation .
the kill-pain and side effect in the synergistic use of 0.18 % bupivalcain was the same as those in the 0.3 % bupivalcaine .
in order to investigate the effect of rehabilitation therapy on recovery of limb movement function after cerebral hemorrhage minimum traumatic operation .
two methods of bobath and brunnstrom were used . ninety patients undergoing cerebral hemorrhage minimum traumatic operation were chosen and divided into experimental group and control group .
the results were judged respectively after one , 2 and 2 weeks . movement function was scored by fugl-meyer and neural damage by neural function damage degree .
the effect of physical training on the blood pressure in the patients without satisfactory declined pressure was investigated .
three months later , the occasional blood pressure , dynamic blood pressure , subjective symptoms and administration were observed in the two groups .
it was concluded that physical training could decline the blood pressure affirmatively . for those without satisfactory declined pressure , physical training was more necessary .
it was suggested that the routine emg examination was useful in the diagnosis of sub-clinical patients with n-hexane intoxication .
it is recommended that regular emg examination was performed in the subjects with chronic n-hexane exposure .
in order to evaluate the therapeutic effect of three-point blocking therapies ( paravertebral ganglion , suprascapular nerve and subcoracoid area ) for frozen shoulder ( fs ) .
the total curative effect rate in the group a and group b was 90 % and 70.0 % respectively .
no significant side effect was found in the clinical practice .
it was suggested that the design of treatment offs with three-point blocking therapies was reasonable .
the therapeutic effects of rehabilitation treatment to the sports injury of knee meniscus were observed .
knee injury scale and strength of quadriceps femoris were used to evaluate the effects .
meanwhile , the electroencephalogram ( eeg ) and blood lead of the patients were monitored .
in the vacuum make salt enterprise , electric generator is one of the key equipment .
this article introduced phenomenon reason or deal with and keep a lookout of trouble by electric generator to " lose magnetism " .
this paper analysed the technical key points of stainless steel lining design , and applied it to the salt evaporator lining design , led the equipment making .
the article analyzes succese factors of the experiment of stratum collapsed linking up , and disscusses advantages of appliance of the method in salt mining .
the distribution system and economic contract had been carried in the plant .
meanwhile , the enterprise has advanced with the technology reformation .
now there are many kind of salt making processes in the country , but different granularity will be produced by the dissimilar evaporation .
the granularity of nacl effects the purity and flowability of crystal .
the pingdinshan salt plant first used the counter-circulation process with radically discharged in the country .
author discusses primarily the mechanism of counter-circulation and the effects to the garanularity of crystal .
the three phase synchronism motors are main driving equipments usedin plants .
the connected brine well is anewprocess for rocksalt mining , whichused abroadin saltmines .
this paper introduced causes of poorsal timp acting the salt market and treatment measures .
this paper introduced factors of effecting quality of salt and measures of increasing quality of salt in our mine .
no changes were detected about the expression of nnos following vascular injury .
there is no relationship between nnos and neointimal hyperplasia .
this study was to evaluate the effects of endovascular irradiation on the proliferation response of injured artery .
three doses schedules were studied : 10gy , 20gy and 40gy , 10 rabbits per group .
the iliac arteries injury of three group rabbits showed certain stenosis at the end of 4 week follow up ( p < 0.001 ) .
the irradiated arterial diameter did not significantly decreased compared with the control ( p > 0.05 ) .
to investigate the characteristics of primary percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty ( ptca ) in the young and the elderly with acute myocardial infarction ( ami ) .
twenty-seven young patients under 40 years old and 34 elderly ones over 60 years old who suffered from ami and underwent primary ptca were analyzed .
ten days after ami , myocardial infarct size was taken by quantitative technetium-99m sestamibi single photon emission computed tomography combined with isosorbide dinitrate infusion .
0.05 ; ( 9.1 13.6 ) % vs ( 26.6 15.5 ) % , p <
0.01 , respectively ] .
to assess the feasibility and safety of intracardiac echocardiography to guide transseptal puncture for the radiofrequency ablation of the left atrial fibrillation .
puncture of atrial septum were achieved through fossa ovalis in all cases and a single attempt required in six .
to determine changes and clinical significance of fibrinogen system in acute coronary syndromes .
the laser catheter of concentric and eccentric with diameter ( 1.4 ~ 2.0 ) mm was used .
energy densities ranged from 40 to 60 mj / mm2 , mean ( 45.7 5.5 ) mj/mm2 .
to evaluate the safety and efficiency of anterograde catheter closure of patent ductus arteriosus ( pda ) using the amplatzer duct occluder ( ado ) device .
the mean pda diameter at its narrowest segment was ( 4.9 2.1 ) mm ( rang 2.9 to 10 ) .
angiography showed that 23 patients had complete immediate closure , 8 had a trace to small shunt 10 minutes after the procedures .
within 24 h , color doppler revealed complete closure in all patients .
no residual shunt and pda recanlization after the complete closure were found during a-follow-up of 1-12 months .
to deeply iassess the result after percutaneous mitral valvulotomy with anatomical mitral area .
while the maximum inflating balloon can be pulled in the letf atrium , the mark of the contrast on the syringe was noted .
to investigate the changes of the ambulatory blood pressure in patients with carotid artery atherosclerosis .
ldh and hbdh elevation were the main enzymatic manifestations , accompanied by abnormality of tnt .
echo showed pulmonary hypertension and right heart overload . the incidence of syncope and recurrence of embolism increased if echo is significantly abnormal .
to study the effect of ptca on qt dispersion ( qtd ) in patients with coronary artery disease .
qtd was significantly reduced at first , second and third day after ptca compared with that before ptca , respectively ( p < 0.05 ) .
the successful ptca can reduce the qtd in patients with coronary artery disease and may improve the patients ' prognosis .
in five patients the tc level were > 1.70 mmol / l ( singleness ) .
0.91 mmol / l ( tc and ldl-c normal ) .
in 78.33 % of patients was serum-lipid disorders .
by measuring qtd , qtcd ( corrected qt dispersion ) based on the 12 leads electrocardiogram of 47 ami patients at the momentary admission .
then compared the qtd and va events . results qtd , qtcd were ( 67.7 18.7 ) ms and ( 68.4 12.8 ) ms ;
( 42.4 13.2 ) ms and ( 50.8 11.8 ) ms ;
( 39.5 16.8 ) ms and ( 46.6 15.1 ) ms.
the difference was significant .
the qt dispersion increased and the risk of vain ami patients raised .
to study results of open reduction and internal fixation ( orif ) to vertically unstable pelvic fractures .
fifteen patients with vertically unstable pelvic fractures had been treated by open reduction and internal fixation ( orif ) since 1996 .
the results showed that good results had been gained without morbidity .
the results are satisfied if vertically unstable pelvic fractures are treated by open reducton and internal fixation operation .
to introduce a new method for the treatment of unstable fracture of the femoral shaft .
26 cases of unstable fractures of the femoral treated with reamed externallocking nails .
all of the fractures united in an average of 3.9 months after the nailing .
to observe the curative effects of the application of the richard 's screw-plate system in the treatment of intertrochanteric fractures .
all cases got followed up . all fractures healed . no screw or plate broken .
no lag-screw penetrated the femoral head . partially bearing weight 2 ~ 4 weeks after operation . the excellent rate of joint function was 85.7 % .
11ng / ml and 10ng / ml tgf- 1 can increase the collagen type imrna levels by 1.18 and 1.37-fold respectively in primary cultures of af ;
21ng / ml and 10ng / ml tgf- 1 can inerease the collagen type imrna levels by 1.60 and 1.84-fold respectively in passaged cultures of af ;
to investigate the effect of vascular muscle flap as a carrier of bone morphogenetic protein ( bmp ) to repair long bone defect .
this study provide a new idea in the clinical repair of long bone defect .
their origin , structure and function are the subject of different studies which are still controversial . recent studies on cartilage canals were introduced in this article .
lumbosacral fusion is the usual procedure in spinal surgery and is enhanced by internal fixation of lumbosacral spine .
the indications for lumbosacral internal fixation include spondylolisthesis , disc herniation , spinal canal stenosis , deformity and instability caused by other causes .
to understand the significance of primary intramedullary nailing fixation of long bone shaft fractures of multiple trauma patients .
to discuss the treatment and type of the wrist open injure .
injured tissues were repaired by direct anastomose and restoration after local shorten .
the wrist open injure was divided into three degree .
the i degree injure was resumed well and the effect was worse for ii , iii degree injure .
the wrist injure was very different . the operation must carried out by different condition .
some damaged big enough than 10cm might be repaired by operation . it might reseved some function of the hand .
to set up a classification for displaced patellar fracture in surgical operation , and discuss the selection of internal fixations .
the patients were followed up from 6 months to 7 years . according toning 's evaluation standards , excellent and good rate was 91 % .
the cord compression was induced in wistar rats by percutaneous inoculation of 106 cells of walker256 carcinoma cell suspension anterior to the t13 vertebral body .
pressure-displacement test under uniaxial loading was made for the cord .
the average rigidity of the cord occurred in the untreated tumor-bearing rats and treated tumor-bearing rats about 16days , 17.5 days respectively .
the changes occurred in the biomechanical properties of the compressed cord .
the indomethacin could reduce the increased rigidity and protract the course to secondary damage of the cord .
to study the effects of basic fibroblast growth factor ( bfgf ) on wound healing and proliferation of chondrocytes .
the wound healing and proliferation of chondrocytes were assayed in a healing model in vitro and by mtt colorimetric method respectively .
increasing the bfgf to 100ng / ml did not show additional improvement of proliferation in both passages .
to find a new material for epitenon repairing in experimental study .
there was an abvious gap around the tendon .
the stored allogeneic dura mater can be served as a new material for repairing epitenon .
to study the protective role of regional hypothermia in limb ischemia / reperfusion damage .
48 rabbits were divided into 5 groups : the normothermia , the mannitol , the 15c , the 10c , and the 5c .
the femoral arteries were clamped .
5 hours later , the clips were removed and five groups were given protective factors respectively .
to explore the lale evolution of gene therapy for spinal cord injury ( sci ) .
neurotrophins can either intervene with the pathological processes or promote recovery of the function of the spinal cord .
treatment on old seperation of epiphysis of the dens epistrophei must give priority to non-operation .
tourniquet pain are associated with c fibers and neurons of rostral ventromedial medulla ( rvm ) .
cell firing rate ( cfr ) of rvm can be used as the monitoring index of tourniquet pain .
when using tourniquet , cfr of off-cell in rvm decreased , while cfr of on-cell in rvm increased .
to study the utilization of transplanted fetal spinal cord tissues ( fsc ) toward improved injured spinal cord recovery .
and conclusion : fsc transplant can promote the regeneration of the spinal cord circuitry and restore function .
to analyze and summarize the pathogenic mechanism and the result of treatment of thoracal spinal cord injury without radiographic abnormality ( sciwora ) .
after the operation , large dose of mp medicine was used , and comparison was made based on asia functional independence .
the bacteria contaminated mostly were gram-positive organisms such as bacillus species , staphylococcus epidermidis and bacterium diphtheroid .
1 . donor selection takes the first step in bone banking , especially the selecting for hiv , hbv and hcv . 2 .
to diaphyses and bone chips , sterilizing with ethylene oxide gases are recommanded .
discussing the clinical results of patellofemoral osteoarthritis were followed up after having received the surgical treatment of tibial tubercle osteotomy and subchondral perforative resurfacing .
fifty-four patients gained the excellent results after a mean period of 6 months postoperatively and only one patient got worse of pain two years after operation .
tibial tubercle osteotomy is reliabe for the lateral-shifted narrowish patellofemoral osteoarthritis which is more common in chinese patients .
multiple subchondral perforation is relatively a simple and effective method in enhancing the recovery of articular cartilage regarding its poor ability in self-repairing .
this kind of combined coefficient procedure is advantageous for the recovery of patellofemoral osteoarthritis patients .
to investigate the effect of drilling decompression of the proximal tibia and patella in the early osteoarthritis of the knee .
the drilling decompression of the proximal tibia and patella were preformed in 31 patient with the early stage of osteoarthritis from dec . 1994 to oct . 1998 .
to investigate the clinical grade of patella alta so as to estimate the prognosis and guide the therapy .
a clinical grade method of patella alta was designed , 5 outpatients of patella alta which were confirmed being classified by this means .
then the relation of grade with age , severity was studied .
for the patient who was graded as severity , the symptoms of patello-femoral arthritis appeared earlier and severely , the effect of conservative treatment was poor .
the clinical grade of patella alta was effective in estimating the prognosis and guiding the therapy .
it is practicable in clinic .
all the patients were satisfied with the surgical results .
but this procedure has some difficulties .
to find a safer way of the operation .
30 cases of kyphosisple caused by ankylosing spondylitis were treated by using multilever " v " -shaped-osteotomy .
the manifestations are variable degree of paralysis caused by thoracic spinal cord compression . ct and mri scans are valuable for guiding diagnosis and surgical treatment .
to evaluate the clinical results of treating lumbar nerve root canal stenosis by fenestration and facetectomy .
the average follow-up period were 30 months . the excellent and good rate was 93.6 % .
to understand the biological characterization of the basic fibroblast growth factor ( bfgf ) and the biological effects to bone tissue .
using medical document disc rerieval and referring the documents of chinese and foreign .
bfgf is a biological factor , which can induce cellular proliferation of bone tissue and vascular tissue .
bfgf has the functions of inducing the bone formation and the vascularization .
to study the nerve elongater technique in repairing segmental nerve defect for the clinical application .
1 ) nerve elongater technique can be used successfully to repair sebmental peripheral nerve defects ;
2 ) nerve elongation repair was comparable to conventional nerve autografts . there was no difference in nerve conduction velocity , histology and inage anaysis .
nerve elongation may prove to be a useful alternative to grafting .
to evaluate the clinical findings and histologic features of introsseous well differentiated osteosarcoma .
this lesion affected a slightly older age group than conventional osteosarcoma did , most patients were in the third decade .
the long bone were the major sites of this lesion , with predilection for the femur and he tibia . as a unusual subtype of osteosarcoma ,
it was seen rarely , therefore , about 50 % of patients were diagnosed incorrectly at first , most commonly as fibrous dysplasia or aneurysmal bone cyst .
( 1 ) histology and radiology were complementary for confirming the deagnosis .
( 2 ) inadequate surgical margins was the major cause of recurrence and metastasis .
the preoperative selective target arterial embolization of vertebral tumor is a useful technique that can significantly decrease the intraoperative blood loss .
with seldinger 's technique made selective angiography , gradually superior selective target arterial embolization of vertebral tumor .
the intraoperative blood loss was tremendous reduced for succesful preoperative embolization , with a range from 400 to 3 000ml .
the preoperative selective target arterial embolization of vertebral tumor can significantly decrease the intraoperative blood loss .
optimal operative time of surgical treatment of post-embolization and the complication and its prevention were discussed .
to discuss the effect of bone morphogenetic protein-7 ( bmp-7 ) on the cells , diseases and defferent growth stage of skeletal system .
we have reviewed the articles about the effect of bmp-7 in skeleral system in the latest time and have summarized related contents .
bmp-7 has strong effect of bone inductivity . it could induce new bone formation in ectopic site .
bmp-7 plays regulative effect on the different growth stage of skeletal system .
according to the latest research , bmp-7 may have some effect on the origination of opll and olf .
bmp-7 will have important role in the union of the bone fracture and the repair of cartilage defection in the future .
to summarize and evaluate the efficiency of treatment of limb malignant bone tumors with cryosurgery .
treatment of limb malignant bone tumors with cryosurgery would be an effective adjuvant methed for limb salvage .
to know the results about massive human allografts reconstruction with defects after resection adjacence joints tumors .
followed-up 10 patients by histology and radiography .
to evaluate the application of reconstruction femoral neck interlocking nail for subtrochanteric femoral fractures and tumors .
30 of 31 cases were followed-up for average 29 months .
there were no severe complications , such as infection and breakage of nail .
the patients could exercise and began the early weight bearing . the function classified above good was 93.4 percentage .
to evaluate the effect of vascular anastomosis of fibular transplantation for treatment of bone defect from resection of bone tumor and phymatoid lesion .
25 cases of bone defects due to resection of bone tumor or phymatoid lesion were repaired with an inlay grafting of vascular anastomosis with fibula .
the outline and function of the repaired bone were satisfactory .
to investigate the expression of p-glycoprotein in osteosarcoma and it 's clinical significance , and the correlation with the expressions of pcna , p53 , nm-23 gene .
the p-glycoprotein expressions of 33 osteosarcomas were determined by immuno-histochemistry ( s-p ) method .
to analysis the hazards and discuss how to prevent them associated with the biopsies of primary malignant bone tumors .
to analyse a few important problems in malignant bone tumor salvage operations .
58cases were followed-up with the mean time of 21.9 months .
5 cases were of lung metastasis , 5 died and 6 in recurrent .
the successful rate of salvage operation was 79.3 % and the excellent-good rate of limb function was 76.7 % .
according to jaffe 's pathological grade , all recurrent gct as compared with the primary tumors , 17 cases showed no change .
in all cases intralesional excision ( curetage ) had been performed with adjuvant treatments .
if a pathological fracture existed at the site of tumor the recurrence rate would increase remarkably .
to study the clinical significance of screw ct 3d in evaluation of the injured hips and knees .
7 cases of the hips with fractuers and dislocations , 4 cases of the tibial plateau fractures were examined under the 3d reconstruction based on screw ct scan .
the method of screw ct 3d reconstruction has higher valuation for diagnosis , design propose of operations , observing the results of operations and education .
to observe effect of treating tibial fracture by interlocking intramedullary nail .
from july 1997 to october 1998 , 36 patients with tibial fractures were treated with the interlocking nail .
of the patients , 21 were male and 15 female , aged ranging from 18 to 62 years old .
close fracture were 19 cases and open fracture 17 cases .
inserting the nail with reamer were in 14 cases , and dynamic interlocking were 4 cases . dynamic interlocking replaced static one in 15 cases .
interlocking intramedullary nail is a good internal fixation for treatment of fractures of the tibia .
it has the advantages of less trauma , firm fixation , less stress-shielding effect , high rate of fracture healing and less chance of infection .
to evaluate the outcome of three fixation methods for 82 cases pilon fracture and put forward the best treatment method .
35 patients were treated with limited internal fixation combined with external fixators .
to study the result of operation of metacarpophalangeal joints contracture in old people 's .
contractive ligament functional excercise metacarpophalangeal of articulation of finger were resected , early and physical therapy after-operation were instructed .
the ligament of metacarpophalangeal articulation are resected and physical therapy after-operation can recover extention-flexion movement of the metacarpophalangeal joints , clinical results is good .
using freeilium and flap complex to treat non-united tibia and sticking scar .
17 cases with non-united tibia and sticking scar were dealt with transplanting free ilium and flap .
all the ilium and flap survived non-united healed up , there were not operative complications .
to research the results of diagnosis and treatment on 6883 cases with injuries and disorders in the elbow region .
showing on the table 1 to 4 .
it will improve and raise the level on diagnosis and treatment in elbow region .
to investigate tumor angiogenesis and to determine the origin and function of each kind of cells in gct .
lsab method was developed to detect the mvd and its feature , and the expression of tgf 3 and tgf 3 in gct .
mvd increasing of mvd and the expression of tgf 1 and tgf 3 maybe regarded as useful prognostic markers of gct .
90y-osmcab had a regular distribution in viro . results seem thi radio immunotherapy feasible .
in order to present the complex bone and joint injury spatially .
to report a useful method of repairing volar finger soft tissue defects .
all cases succeeded .
the double bridge flap of dorsal finger is a useful technique for repairing voular finger soft tissue defects with tendon exposed .
the mean follow-up period was 17.5 months ( range 14 to 37 months ) . all of the six patients achieved ankle fusion and their original symptoms disappeared .
to study the clinical value of rectangle-shape intramedullary nail for segmental fractures of the tibia shaft .
rectangle-shape intramedullary nail for segmental fractures of the tibia shaft were performed in 15 patients . all patients were analysed and followed up .
15 patients were evaluated according to the criteria of johner and wruh . 9 were assessed as excellent , 4 as good and 1 as fair .
the time for fracture union was 18 weeks in average . delayed union developed in 1 patient with infection .
there were no post-operative compartment syndrome , neurological deficits , implant failure in this series .
to report and analyze complications of distal humeral fractures treated with double tension band .
double tension band osteothesis has the advantages of simple management , stability , and early active movement etc. but the migration of k-wire should be noted .
to find the theoretical base of fibular internal fixation to improve the tibia union and ankle joint stability .
305 cases of tibia-fibular fracture were treated by both bone internal fixation .
fracture recovered in all except for 2 cases of delay healing .
statistics also showed recovery rate was better than records in document .
1 . fibular fixation can be good for internal fixation stability of tibia fracture ;
2 . repair the anatomical continuation of fibula and is good for ankle joint stability ;
3 . improve healing rate of tibia-fibula fracture .
the difficult fractures in 18 patients were treated with combined technique of microsurgery and external skeletal fixation .
17 cases were healed in the first stage but one in the second stage .
to observe the repair effects of combined graft of nervous tissue on adult rat 's spinal cord injury .
8 weeks after surgery , the survival , differentiation of the grafts , and the ability of repairing host spinal cord were checked .
for better understanding of pedicle transpedicular fixation in clinical practice .
screw insertion failure rate was lower at l4 ~ s1 and no expansion was observed .
pullout strength was increasing from t6 to l5 , but was decreasing at s1 .
in the same pedicle , the bigger a screw 's diameter was , the higher the pullout strength got .
when screw was pulled out , pedicle fractures were commonly happened at t6 ~ l1 segments .
to research the classification of lalipes equinus and the proper planning of operative protocal .
and the special manifestations of 6 kinds of lalips equinus deformity were analysed .
we made proper operative protocal according to different types .
applying the calssification of lalipes equinus deformity can make correct surgical protocal , ad increase curative effect and reduce the operative complications and recurrence of deformity .
methods . we treated 18 patients ( 34 knees ) . their ages were 12 ~ 34 years old .
the average preoperative malformation angle was 42 . the maximal distance between two malleoli was 55cm .
we treated 16 knees with osteotomy above femoral condyle and other 18 knees with osteotomy both above femoral condyle and below tibial tubercle .
to analyze the clinical characteristics and surgical treatment of myositis ossificans adjacent to joint .
the function of all the involved joints were seriously damaged .
to evaluate the treatment of acute suppurative arthritis ( asa ) with debridement under arthroscope .
75.68 % of the cases follow-up ( range 6 to 24 months ) results , were excellent , while 24.32 % were fair .
to observe the effect of treatment of congenital dislocation of the hip by ferguson 's approach .
the authors conclude that medial open reduction is a safe and effective treatment for congenital dislocation of the hip in children younger than 2 years old .
two cases after cementless hip replacement suffered thigh pain in the early postoperative period . complications were rare .
we prefer the cementless fixation in patients under 60 years old and cemented fixation in the group over 70 years old .
patients between 60 and 70 seems to benefit more from a fixation with an cementless acetabular component and a cemented shaft .
to achieve better effects through the application of a new universal spinal instrumentation for the treatment of spinal diseases .
in follow-up , correction loss averaged approximately 5.2 . delayed deep infection developed in one patient at six months postoperation .
to observe the effect of preserving endplate in maintaining the height of fused segment .
in the group of preserving endplates , the average loss of height across the fused segments was 0.9mm , and the average increase in kyphosis was 2 ;
in the group without preserving endplate , the values were 2.9mm and 5.6 respectively . the difference was significant in both groups ( p < 0.01 ) .
fusion was achieved in both groups . the average time was 8 ( 6-12 ) weeks .
analyze the chief clinical manifestations , imaging features and the effects of operation approachs .
the early clinical features of the disease were insidious and progressive onset of numbness , weakness and intermitent claudication of the lower extremities .
lateral chest radiograph and radiotomy could identify olf in most of the cases .
preoperative radiography suggested a i ~ ii degree of spondylolisthesis and the space of l4 / 5disc decreased more than 30 % .
13 months follow up shows all 15 cases reach clinical fusion , and no cage migration was found , 90 % patients got satisied .
the data and curves of it were obtained .
middle and lower cervical spine exhibit more creeping ability in flexion than in extension .
to observe the damage of cultured human embryo chondrocytes by free radicals and the reversed effect of selenium .
xanthine-xanthine oxidase and trace element selenium were put into the human embryo articular chondrocytes culture liquid in vitro .
the syntheses of dna , protein , proteoglycan and collagen were measured .
to study morphological structure of cartilage canals of epiphysis .
in addition to arteries , veins and blood capillaries , cartilage canals were also composed of lymph capillaries .
epiphysis cartilage of proximal tibial of fetus contained lymphatic vessles which were an important component of the cartilage canals .
to evaluate the quantitative relations of the medial margin of superior facet to the pedicle center .
to investigate the etiology , diagnosis and treatment of deep branch of ulnar nerve entrapment .
the deep branch of ulnar nerve was studied on 30 adult hand specimens under microscope .
9 cases of deep branch of ulnar nerve entrapment were treated by operation and ( or ) block therapy .
the deep branch of ulnar nerve was divided into four segments .
1 out of 4 cases was cured by block therapy . 5 out of 7 cases were cured by operation .
to report the curative effect of popliteal artery injuries associated with proximal tibial fracture .
limb survival rate after popliteal artery repair was 100 % . amputation was performed in one case because of irreversible tissue ischemia .
to analyse the occuring cause of heterotopic ossification ( ho ) after excision of radial capitulum .
only one patient got ho ( ii ) in the third group .
reasonable choice of the operative time could significantly decrease the occuring rate of ho .
to study characteristics of surgical treatment of old displaced transverse fractures of the acetabulum .
4 cases had excellent result and 4 had fair result radiographically .
to sum up the clinical experience of the treatment of thoraco-lumbar ( bursting ) fracture and incomplete paraplegia with drfs .
fourteen patients with thoraco-lumbar bursting fractures and incomplete paraplegia were treated with drfs .
to study the reasonable way of diagnosis and therapy of acute traumatic hemarthrosis of the knee in adolesent .
between february 1997 and october 1998 , 11 patients ( aged 11-19 years ) with acute traumatic hemarthrosis underwent the arthroscopic procedure under extra epidural anesthesia .
these decreases in atrophy cells were paralleled by a significant improvement in neurological function recovery .
it indicates that sci site upper and lower spinal nerve roots anastomosis can maintain the neurons morphology and improve rats hind limb function .
to develop local rbx-gentamicin drug delivery system ( l-rbx-g-dds ) and find its releasing character in vitro .
both local drug delivery systems have an explosive releasing within 24 hours and can maintain a slow releasing in a certain time .
the l-rbx-g-dds has a fine releasing character in vitro . combining with the rbx 's osteogenic function , the l-rbx-g-dds may work in open fracture therapy .
to study the role of basic fibroblast growth factor ( bfgf ) on achilles tendon healing .
however , bfgf had no effect on the migration of achilles tendon firbroblasts .
the enhancement of wound healing by bfgf may be caused by cell proliferation .
in osteoblasts , no signal of pcna was found , tgf- 1 and bfgf were expressed at very low level .
to analyze the factors causing neurological deterioration after cervical spinal cord injury .
the incidence of neurological deterioration was 2.7 % . 5 of 8 died and the mortality of neurological deterioration was 62.5 % .
to investigate the etiologic pathogenesis , clinical features and the surgical methods of the acute lumbar burst fractures in the absence of neurologic deficits .
the neural canal compression ranged from 37 % ~ 68 % ( average 45.5 % ) .
12 patients treated operatively for lumbar burst fractures were reviewed .
using clinical prospective study to compare operative and non-operative treatments for the burst fractures of thoracolumbar spine .
we recommend that non-operative treatment can be chosen but the effect of reductionis bad .
operative treatment is better because of its reduction and harrington rods has more satisfactory reduction .
to observe the appearance of mri of cervical spinal cord injury without fracture and dislocation and its clinical significance .
we did n't find fracture and dislocation in cervical spine in all cases by x-ray and mri evaluation .
findings in mri evaluation included : 1.12 cases of cervical spinal cord swelling .
to explore the comprehensive typing and its clinical significance in burst fracture of thoracolumbar spine .
to observe the effects of anterior decompression ( ald ) with vascular pedicle rib graft on the treatment of thoracolumbar burst fracture .
the average preoperative posterior kyphotic angle was 28.5 and it was corrected after operation .
and so the greatest improvement on spinal cord and nerve function can be obtained .
to investigate the effectiveness of percutaneous injection of bone marrow to treat subtrochanteric nonunion after reconstruction by femoral interlocking nail fixation .
reconstruction femoral interlocking nails was placed with autologous bone grafting after marrow cavity was reamed .
bone marrow was percutaneously injected into the fracture sites at seven and fourteen days after operation .
all cases achieved a solid union except for one case of tibia fragment fracture .
to inquire into the problems in treatment of adult nonunion with traumatic comminuted humeral fracture of transcondyl .
43 cases of adult nonunion with comminuted humeral transcondyl fracture were fixed with combined steel plate and tonobelt steel wire .
after follow-up for 14 ~ 18 months , curative effect was satisfactory .
according to men 's evaluating standard of curative effect , the result was estimated as follows : 18 cases were excellent , 22cases good and 3 cases poor .
the method of internal fixated with combined steel plate and tonobelt steel wire is simple ; its combined structure is rational and compatible with mechanical principle .
after operation , functional trial can be done early . it is suitable to treat nonunion of comminuted humeral transcondyl fracture .
the influence of bfgf growth factor to bone marrow stromal cells was tested with 3h-tdr methods .
bmsc cultrued with conditional medium shows osteoblast-like structures and functions .
this may provide a rich cellular resource in tissue engineering bone formation . the stimulating factor bfgf can promote cellular proliferation in vitro .
to study the effects of sodium hyaluronate on collagen component of epidural scar .
to observe the protective effect of -aescin on limb ischemia and reperfusion injury .
the levels of mda , cpk , got and ldh in plasma and mda , mpo , mitochondria calcium and wet / dry of skeletal muscle were measured .
the biochemical indexes of plasma and skeletal muscle were dramatically higher than those
the experiment revealed that -aescin have protective effect on the muscle cells at the time of ischemia and reperfusion injury of the limb .
to provide anatomical basis for the design of humeral interlocking nail .
the narrowest area of humeral cavity is in the 19th and 20th segment . there is an expanding part in the cavity from 22nd to 25th segment .
for the purpose of fitting the shape of the cavity , the overall shape of the nail has been designed just like " c " .
the best autolocking fixational point is in the cancellous bone which lie in the two sides of the cavity of 24th and 25th segment .
through observing the effect of half-ring fixator on the treatment of tibial non-union , to evaluate the compressive external fixation on the repairment of bone defect .
to investigate the nailfold microcirculation changes in children with spastic cerebral palsy
data of the postoperative microcirculation were found to have obvious improvement , compared with those of preoperative microcirculation .
selective posterior rhizotomy can improve microcirculation of limbs .
in order to observe the long-term effect of high tibial osteotomy in treating the medial compartment osteoarthrosis of the knee .
88.5 % good and excellent results up to five years postoperatively ; at five to ten years , 61.9 % good and excellent .
to observe the possible relationship between the clinical and pathology changes of dupuytren 's contracture , and to obtain the reasonable surgical procedures .
the pathological and immunohistochemical examination had been performed in 24 cases .
the recurrence rate after fasciectomy was 58.33 % , and the rate of recurrance after dermofasciectomy was 11.76 % .
the pathology changes located not only at the palmar aponeurosis but also in the subcutaneous tissue and overlying skin .
to investigate the indications and the style of surgical operation for painful talocalcaneal coalition .
of 4 feet in 3 patients , all were excellent .
to resolve deterioration , adhesion and stiffness after forearm extensive muscles injury , improve the function of the wrist and fingers .
to introduce a new procedure for repairing the degloved injuries of index finger .
to study the treatment and outcome of patients who suffer from multiple fracture-dislocation with shock .
the clinical data of 122 cases of multiple fracrure-dislocation of bone with shock from april 1992 to dec 1998 were analysed retrospectively .
there are different extent of shock in all cases of the group .
the importance of pre-hospital emergency treatment and early internal fixation were emphasized . it was also discussed about the treatment of complicated severe injuries .
to study the indications of operative treatment and effect of intertrochanteric fracture of femur.in elder patients aged 65 to 95 with 95 condyle plate and richards screw .
the success rate of 95 condyle plate group and richards screw group reached to 92.86 % and 93.02 % respectively .
to evaluate the effect of recombinant human glail growth factor ii ( rhggf2 ) on recovery of motor function of rat sciatic nerve following crush injury .
73 rats were divided into three groups .
a sham operation was performed in group i ( n = 5 ) .
group iii exhibited a significant improvement of sfi on postoperative day 11 to 21 when compared to group ii .
histological sections of nerve revealed less axonal degeneration and earlier regeneration of nerve in group iii .
treatment with rhggf2 is effective in promoting nerve regeneration , as a result , can significantly improve the functional recovery of rat sciatic nerve following crush injury .
the ratio of monomer of copolymer can be changed in order to obtain biodegradable polymer with variant biotic behavior .
to study the effect of estrogen on production of endogenous interleukin-6 ( il-6 ) in ovariectomized rats .
the immunoreactivity signals were detected in osteoblasts , lining cells and osteocytes .
suppression for il-6 production were involvement in mechanism of estrogen application inhibiting bone loss in ovariectomized rats .
to study the causes of the cervical spinal cord injury without radiographic abnormaties .
post-operative 51 patients had differeut degree of recovery .
a retrospective study was carried out to observe surgical treatment for chance and flexion distraction injuries to the thoracolumbar spine .
neurologic function improvement of more than one frankel grade were in all incomplete paraplagia patients .
the present study demonstrated surgical treatment and internal fixation were suitable for stabilization of flexion distraction injuries and neurologic recovery .
to compare treatment of 3 internal fixations for tibia shaft fracture which include rectangle-sharped intramedullay nail ( rin ) , ender 's nail and ao-compression-plate .
ao-compression plate internal fixation for treatmetn of tibia shaft fracture is better than rin groups and ender 's group .
the clinical data of 139 cases of sciatic nerve injury in cluneal region of children were analysed retrespeetively .
injection at the wrong site in 133 cases , the injury was caused by cut injury in 4 cases .
the most common cause of sciatic nerve injury in cluneal region in children is injection injury .
evaluate the advantages and disadvantages of two operatrive techniques .
the patients were divided into two groups , one was treated with plate and screw another was treated with locked intramedullary nails .
locked intramedullary nailing is suitable for the fracture of humeral shaft .
to investigate the treatment for complex fractures of the knee .
the follow-up were 6 to 60 months . of these , good result was 80.1 % .
13 cases of fresh supracondylar and intercondylar fracture ( ao type : 3 a1,3 a2,3 a3,3 c1,1 c2 ) were treated with imsc .
all cases were followed-up 9 ~ 27 months , average 14 months . there were no complications related with the imsc fixation .
there was one nonunion , which we hypothesize this complication may be due to bone loss and not having bone graft .
all knees had excellent results .
to classify fpm and guide its clinical treatment .
we applied the classification to treat 52 patients of fpm . the rate of excellent and good results was 93.3 % .
to classify fpm and provided guidance for clinical treatment .
to study the effects of bfgf on c-fos gene expression in spinal neuron after sci .
nimodipine conjunctive with adrenaline showed neuro-protective effects in treating of early spinal cord injury . the model of spinal cord injury produced by aneurysm clip was reliable .
to investigate the histologic compatibility of corallin hydroxyapatite ( chap ) transplantation in muscles of rat .
general specimen observation , histologic and roentgenographic examination were applied to determine the effects of chap and natural coral transplantation to the main organs and surrounding tissues .
four cylindrical sections were obtained from each vertebra after fatigue loads and cross-sectiona l slides were made , and histomorphometry was observed .
biomechanical evaluation for self-de vice msf whih has fixed thoracolumbar fracture .
the strength stiffness and stability of msf were significantly better than control group .
msf has be en provided rigid fixation biomechanically in spinal fracture and increased thre e-column stabilization .
observe the change mechanism of nitric oxide synthase ( nos ) enzyme during spinal cord injury .
in this paper , the crack of nylon based belt joint , the preparation of adhesive and the selection of adhesive technology are analysed .
the property of this adhesive was similar to the 8400 adhesive of henkel company .
a industrial production process of urea-formaldehyde resin adhesive with high adhesive strength and low free formaldehyde content was presented .
on the basis of our experience , the paper describes start with prevention to reduce the free phenol content of waste water in adhesive manufacture shop .
as a relative newcomer of high-performance resin , cyanate ester resins possess a number of desirable performance characteristics that make them of increasing technological importance .
the adhesive of epoxidized styrene-butadiene block copolymer ( sbs ) was studied in this paper .
the experimental rusults show that the adhesive of epoxidised sbs has high adhesion to polar material than sbs .
composition , properties , and application of j-671 adhesive for automobile brake were introduced . its cure mechanism was investigated .
in this paper a process for preparing liquid crystal pitch binder an d the bond techndogy of precision graphite pieces are given .
it 's good help for using vae emulsion .
the influence of different process and different materials on the separating efficiency of waste aluminum foil was introduced . and the best separating assistant was provided .
the modification technology for conventional resins is in t he development .
the biodegradable wood adhesives manufactured from natural resources including lignin , tannin and soyabean protein will increase .
the use of water-b orne isocyanate adhesives for new type of wood products has recently attracted considerable interest .
a new business system integrating research , development an d production of wood adhesives will be established .
adhesives will also be adapt ed to the socio-ecological enviroment and developed progressvely .
using the mixed solution the peel adhesive strength of pvc could be strong enough as well as the price could be saved 29.6 % .
by ir , it is shown that the absorption peaks of c = o are changing with the proportions of cp192 in mixed system .
to evaluate the effectiveness of health education on prevention and treatment of lead poisoning among children .
health education on prevention and control of lead poisoning in different forms has been conducted to the parents and the public .
medicine containing calcium had been administered to 123 children . blood zpp examination and questionnaire surveys have been conducted to evaluate its effectiveness .
the average zpp among those children examined was 2.91 0.3 g/ghb , 38.5 % of them had their zpp values higher than normal .
[ objective ] to clone and express cysticercus cellulosae antigen cc1 in e.coli .
[ conclusion ] high level expression of cysticercus cellulosae antigen cc1 was obtained in e.coli .
2the lowst levels of tnf- in balf and cd4 + /cd8 + t cells of pbl were observed in pcp group ;
3the lymphocyte proportion in the balf was significantly higher in pcp group than in pc negative group .
[ objective ] to explore a simple and convenient immunoassay for early diagnosis of taxoplasma infection .
[ conclusion ] spa-elisa is a simple and convenient method for early immunodiagnosis of recent toxoplasma infection .
the concept of universal ploynomial is defined in this paper . with the new concept the usual concept of a polynomial is generalized .
some properties on universal polynomials are given .
in the paper , the lp-approximation of sikkema-kantorovich polynomials is studied . the approximate strong-type direct theorem and weak-type inverse theorem are obtained .
this paper presents synthesis process and mechanical properties of unsaturated polyester as well as application for decorative meterials .
the factors , especially the photoacoustic cell 's size , which have effects on the amplitude of the photoacoustic signal , are analysized .
so this kind of free-vortex aerodynamic window is a promising alternative to take the place of the crystal windows .
a computation method of longitudes and latitudes of incident windows for the 60 laser beams on the spherical target charmber is reported .
the coefficient of determination and mean residual error of the final model were 0.993 and 0.239 log-unit , respectively .
considering also on the economic and practical criteria , triolein-spmd could be recommended as a potential tool of monitoring prior pollutants in water in china .
the experiment also showed that the new type solid medium mainly composed of component medium and wheat bran could replace pure wheat bran medium .
this paper describes a new projection pursuit algorithm that uses genetic algorithm based on real codes to pursue optimum direction .
the effect of sonic field on zro3 gel made by sol-gel method is studied .
by the method of intercalation ploymerize , three mix systems are studied .
the first method is that monomer mma , solicitation aibn and na + -benton are mixed for severeus hours , then copolymerize directly ;
the second method , free copolymerization of mma with na + -benton previously treated wity quaternany ammonium salt ;
the third method is based on the direct inter-action of na + -benton with copolymers of mma with quaternany ammonium salt .
these pre-polymer is molded ossified , removed glass board and the pmma / benton nanocomposite is obtained .
the struture of the adducts is determined by xrd and tg analysis ;
the heat resistant propery , the burning property and tensile property are determined also . the pmma / benton nanocomposite is well synthesed .
cerium doped zirconia powders with 3 ~ 7nm grain size without aggregation are synthesized by hydrothermal method .
the relationship between grain size , monclinic phase content and grain morphology and the ph value of medium is analysized by xrd and tem .
the results show that with phvalue of medium increasing grain sizes of zirconia increase ;
with ph value of medium decreasing to acid monoclinic phase content of zirconia grain in crease , and the grains aggregation .
determine neonatal tsh level , diagnose congenital hypothyroid , and assess iodine nutrition condition .
elasa was used for neonatal tsh in dried blood spots sampled with paper slice .
idd problem still exists among these people .
study on morbidity fluctuation about latent and chronic keshan disease ( kd ) in national surveillance region .
there are n't acute , subactute , latent and chronic kd patients in surveillance region .
compared with last study , the conditions of kd remain steady .
search on iodine nutritional status of pregnant women , lactating mothers and children of 0 ~ 6 years old , and evaluate the effect of synthesized iodine intervention .
100 g/l ; there were 84 lactating mothers , ui m = 183.0 g/l , and 15.5 % of them ui <
100 g/l . there were 1952 children , ui m = 226.0 g/l , and 10.1 % of them ui <
it is necessary and efficient to carry out iodine intervention on the emphasized people in the low iodine-level areas but non-iodine-deficiency-disorder areas .
increase the skill to measure the thyroid volume of ultrasonic professionals and make the results in all parts of the country comparative .
three-dimensional value of the left any right thyroid gland in children were measured by 7.5mhz high frequency prober and the volume were calculated .
the rule of operation to measure the thyroid volume with ultrasonic was made up and the influence factors were discussed .
observe the effect of high iodine on embryo and filial generation in mice .
the survive rate was 91.13 % in middle iodine group and 82.38 % in high iodine group .
the time of cliff-climbing reflection was longer in high iodine group than that in middle iodine group .
as time went on the weght in high iodine group was lighter than that in middle iodine group .
high iodine was harmful to conception , embryo and filial generation .
observe the state of neonatal iodine nutrition in jiangsu province .
from march to may in 1997 , we carried out a sampling survey by pps , and tested 862 shares of neonatal cord blood tsh .
but it was still higher than the international standization of idd elimination .
we also found neonatal tsh was seriously separated from goiter rate and urinary iodine level of children ( 8 ~ 10 years old ) .
one thousand and two hundred school children aged 8 ~ 10 year were selected by pps method .
their urinary iodine was determined by acid digestion method .
inner mountain area was generally endemic area , accounting for 70.6 % .
inner plain was mostly non-nedemic area , accounting for 86.4 % .
children 's iodine status in endemic area was better than that in non-endemic area .
et and igf-i , as stimulators of vascular smooth muscle cell proliferation , might participate in the pathological process of restenosis after balloon angioplasty .
to determine the change of -endorphin ( -ep ) in central nerve system ( cns ) infection .
the plasma and gsf -ep in the mild or moderate group were higher than those of the controls ( p < 0.01 ) .
plasma and csf -ep concentration may be useful as indicators of cerebral edema or cerebral injury , especially the csf -ep level .
( 962.42 107.69 ) ng / l vs. ( 501.62 38.93 ) ng / l ;
( 586.12 84.86 ) ng / l vs. ( 329.56 30.43 ) ng / l ; respectively .
( t = 2.59 , 3.51 , 2.71 , p < 0.05 , p < 0.01 , p < 0.05 , respectively ) .
the serum level of il-2 was positively correlated with that of tnf in children with adee ( r = 0.671 , p < 0.01 ) .
children with adee had abnormal immunologic function . the cytokines might be involved in the pathogenesis of adee .
to study the clinical types and the characteristics of the meconium aspiration syndrome ( mas ) .
all cases were divided into 3 clinical types based on the severity of the diseases .
the division of clinical types of mas may be useful in the treatment and prognosis .
to determine the changes of urinary enzymes and the relationship with the peripheral white cell count in postasphyxial newborns .
to study the clinical significance of cystic degeneration in the adrenal cortex of newborns .
we reviewed the clinical data and morphologic changes of the adrenal cortex of 70 newborns who died between january 1990 and december 1996 .
we also found a higher incidence of cystic degeneration in asphyxiated infants than in non-asphyxiated ones .
histochemical study showed that cystic degeneration was related to lipid depletion in the adrenal cortex .
microcyst information in the outer adrenal cortex was associated with prematurity and perinatal hypoxia , which may be a reaction stress situation .
aim : to investigate the effects of insulin on aortic constriction caused by endothelin-1 ( et-1 ) in normal and hyperglycemic rats .
hyperglycemic rat models were prepared .
et-1 induced more obvious aortic ring constriction in normal rats than those in hyperglycemic rats ( p < 0.01 ) .
( 1 ) the vasoconstriction of aortic rings caused by et-1 can be reduced by hyperglycemia .
lox1 mrna expression was detected by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction ( rt-pcr ) .
lox1 mediated huvecs injury by ox-ldl , suggested that the activating of lox1 may play an important role in pathogenesis of vessel injurious diseases .
two hours after reperfusion , the liver tissues were detected by rt-pcr to see whether there was inducible nitric oxide synthase ( inos ) mrna expression .
there was no inos mrna detected in the liver tissues .
the contents of et-1 , anf and cgmp in asthma group were higher than that of the control group ;
et-1 might play an important role in the pathogenesis of asthma . anf might inhibit production of et-1 .
aim : to investigate the effect of gln deprivation on growth and differentiation of primary apl cells .
the cells differentiated into mature granulocytes in glutamine deprivation group .
deprivation of glutamine inhibited primary apl cell growth and induced cell differentiation toward mature granulocyte .
aim : to observe the influence of oral bovine s antigen on antigen- induced uveoretinitis ( aiu ) in wistar rat .
oral administration of bsa before or after immunization did not influence the inflammatory and immune responses of aiu .
the inflammatory responses , cellular and humoral immune responses were suppressed in aiu by oral administration of s antigen .
a new type two-component nonpoisonous solvent-free polyurethane adhesive was introduced in this paper .
it cures quickly on moisture and thermal condition . it 's suitable for making shoe and benefits labor security and safety .
as a result , we can obtain a thin and uniform adhesive layer , which can be cohered easily by hot pressure .
the fast curing polymer alloy putty at room temperature was developed by applying of resorcinol epoxy resin and mercapto-contained curing agent .
and the influence of re resin , curing agent and various fillers on the putty properties are discussed in detail .
the concentration of dispersion components and treating temperature were also discussed .
expansion monomers and expansion polymerizations , noted for their volume expansion during polymerization process , can be used to modify the properties of epoxy resin adhesive .
spiro orthocarbonates are of great importance to expansion monomers .
this paper has reviewed the synthetic methods of spiro orthocarbonates .
the test results showed a feasible technology , reliable quality of products and low cost of the glue .
self-crosslinking adhesive for non-woven fabrics with acrylates monomers and compound emulsifier is prepared .
the compositions , process technique and performance of adhesive are introduced .
the influence of components , amount of initiator , emulsifier and crosslinking agent on the adhesive properites are discussed .
the results of the experiment suggested that physical and mechanical properties of three-layer solid wood parquet bonded with the above-mentioned adhesive could meet with the national standard .
the adhesive is convenient in application , free of formaldehyde and low in cost .
this is an investigation report on present situation of chinese adhesives industry .
the adhesives production was 2.067 mil.t in 1998 . forecast to be 2.50 mil.t in 2000 .
the market of various types of adhesives are analyzed . the future work is put forward .
the adhesive has excellent comprehensive properties , it can meet requirements of aluminium alloy plates bonding .
to know the understanding rate of health knowledge , common healthy behavior forming rate , and needs for health knowledge among police officers engaged in reform through labor .
a questionnaire survey was conducted among 850 police officer working in a reform through labor farm .
focus group discussions were conducted to collect the testees ' opinions .
the revised paragraphs were shown and feedback was collected immediately .
pretesting is effective in making article more suitable for rural residents ' understanding and knowledge needs .
such practice is worth extensive application in developing health education materials .
to explore an effective strategy to prevent middle school students from smoking .
to survey the degree of psychological stress the emergency room nurses feel in their routine work and to develop relevant strategy .
138 emergency department nurses from 9 hospitals were tested for the degree of psychological stress they feel .
sex and sexual health are among the core problems of human health .
questionnaire survey was used for collecting information on students ' knowledge , attitudes and behavior before and after health education .
it is concluded that health education is effective in changing students ' health knowledge , attitudes and behavior .
a questionnaire survey was conducted to 217 female students of the sun yat-sen university of medical sciences by stratified random sampling .
the average score of perceived benefits of exercise in general ( 2.98 ) is higher than that of perceived barriers to exercise in general ( 2.03 ) .
different female medical students perceive the benefits of and barriers to exercise and their factors differently .
a questionnaire survey was conducted among 2979 students of senior high school , normal school , and secondary vocational school in wenling city , zhejiang province .
the students of secondary vocational schools had less knowledge than students of other secondary schools .
health education on drug abuse demand immediate attention .
to evaluate the effectiveness of the group intervention method on smoking implemented among students of beijing medical university .
group intervention method on smoking is effective in preventing smoking among medical students and training activists of smoking control in the next century .
to investigate the prevalence of reproductive tract infections and their related knowledge , attitude and behavior ( kap ) among married women .
the prevalence rate of reproductive tract infections in women 's population was high , 44.9 % .
it is very urgent that health educational intervention of reproductive tract infections to married women should be conducted .
to evaluate the effectiveness of dietary education among urban residents in beijing .
the dietary behaviors in regard with intake of cooking oil , salt , and milk were healthier among those who had been educated .
the dietary behaviors among urban residents in beijing are to be improved .
dietary education proves effective in changing their behaviors .
to understand the social acceptance of the regulation on smoking control in shenzhen special economic zone among the public in that city .
an intercept investigation was conducted among 322 passers0-by in shenzhen airport and shenzhen university .
results 71 % of the interviewees has heard of the regulation , 84 % of them considered it necessary to make such regulation .
no one had read over the regulation . the knowledge rates of different provisions were 15 % ~ 95 % .
publicity on this regulation is to be strengthened . health education on smoking control has to be included therein .
legislation of smoking control needs effectiveness evaluation too .
aids health education was conducted for 260 overseas laborers before they left china . some of them with relatively higher education were trained as peer educators .
two years later , a long-term effect was evaluated among 172 of the laborers who returned from aborad by questionnaire survey .
the aids knowledge rate among the laborers after they returned was higher than that before they left for abroad with statistical significance .
no hiv positive case was discovered among the respondents .
both basic konwledge and sex morality should be included in aids / stds education .
knowledge of condom use and masturbation is helpful .
peer education plays a good role during the overseas laborers stay abroad .
the knowledge rates among the pupils in the 2 provinces were still not very satisfactory . idd health education has to be strengthened .
fractional inhibitory concentration ( fic ) was calculated to test the possible synergy between pnd and s/p .
[ objective ] to observe the cellular immune responses in a population of an endemic area of schistosomiasis japonica and the influence of praziquantel treatment .
[ results ] among 129 cases , the cytokine levels were found much higher in egg negative individuals than in egg-positive individuals .
the cytokine levels induced by both antigens were increased significantly after praziqantel treatment especially il-5 and ifn- .
[ conclusion ] the cellular immune responses in the population in schistosomiasis japonica endemic area exhibited a general trend of down-regulation and were elevated significantly after praziquantel treatment .
[ objective ] to explore the risk factors for schistosomal liver fibrosis .
[ objective ] to assess the value of detecting circulating antigens and antibodies in urine as a noninvasive method for the diagnosis of schislmaniasis .
[ objective ] to obtain the genetic information on necator americanus and to search for the purpose genes .
[ objective ] to explore the relationship between the hemolymph phenol oxidase and melanization of oocysts .
[ results ] no significant difference was found in the activities of mpo and o-dpo between groups n and b.
[ conclusion ] the alteration in the mosquito heamolymph po activity coincided at each time point with the melanization of plasmodium yoelii oocysts .
[ objective ] to clone a gene encoding surface protein from leishmania major .
the coding sequence consisted of 552 nt , and translated into 183 amino acid residues .
the homology is 23.5 % at amino acid sequence level between leishmania major and t.cruzi amastins .
[ conclusion ] a full length amastin coding gene for leishmania major has been cloned .
then 30 cercariae of schistosoma japonicum were given per mouse by abdominal skin inoculation .
[ conclusion ] : fhgst and asgst could induce protection against s.japonicum cercariae infection .
the id50 of the 4 drugs mentioned above were 170.6,63.2,272.4 and 85.1 nmol / l to the artesunate-resistant p.falciparum , respectively .
[ conclusion ] the artesunate-resistant p.falciparum isolate has no cross resistance to mefloquine and quinine .
when artesunate was used in comabination with the 2 drugs mentioned above respectively , the efficacy proved to be enhanced .
id50 of benflumetolum , artemether and dihydroarteannuin were 72.3,14.6 and 13.4 nmol / l to the sensitive isolates respectively ;
id50 of the 3 drugs as above were 66.8,80.5 and 72.6 nmol / l to the resistant isolates respectively .
benflumetolum combined with artesunate has an increasing effectiveness to the resistant isolates in vitro test .
the parasites survived for 13-14 days .
the maximum infection rates in 3 models were 8.6 % , 6.5 % and 5.4 % respectively .
the monkey who was inoculated with polyvalent antimalarial vaccine could be protected against experimental challenge with p.falciparum .
the results showed that infection rate of tox and hsv were 23.10 % , 19.17 % respectively and hbsag was 4.6 % in abnormal pregnancy .
infection rate of tox and hsv were significantly higher than normal pregnancy ( 3.1 % and 7.5 % ) ( p < 0.001 ) .
the infection rate of hbsag between abnormal and normal groups were not different .
infection of tox and hsv is important factors leading to abnormal pregnancy . hbsag is no related to abnormal pregnancy .
no infectious larvae were found in mosquitoes after 1993 .
the results showed that filariasis transmission has been interrupted in the province .
some positions in which larvas parasitized were damaged by mechanical affection and inflammatory reaction .
besides , the migration and development of larvas of a.cantonensis in mice were preliminarily discussed .
the infection rates of the adult worm and cysticercus of taenia solium were found to be 0.101 % and 0.107 % respectively .
there was prevalence in five counties at various level .
the sero-positive rate of the specific igg4 of anti-cysticercus was 2.24 % .
the prevalence rate of porcine cysticercosis ranged from 0.12 % to 0.48 % .
the positive rate of 204 blood samples from swine was 4.41 % .
meanwhile , the epidemic factors of the disease were analysed in this paper .
an epidemiological survey was carried out by dot-elisa , b-ultrasound and x-ray in southern qinghai plateau from 1997 to 1998 .
they were obviously higher in herdsman , house-worker , lamas than in cadres , students and others ( p < 0.01 ) .
the structure and ultrastructure of adult of paragonimu s heterotremus were observed by light microscope and transmission electron microscope ( tem ) .
the light microscope showed that the body wall of the worms consisted of outer-tegument , muscular layer , tegumental cells and parenchyma ;
the gut epithelia consisted of single columnar epithelial cells .
the nuclei of the tegumental cells was star-like projection , and the cytoplasm of the tegumental cell included much rough endoplasmic reticulum ( rer ) ;
the fibres of the smooth muscle arranged neatly ;
the cytoplasm of the gut epithelium included a number of rer , mitochondria and secretory bodies with a lot of lamellae in its surface .
the excretory system consisted of flame cells , capillaries , gather tubes and excretory sac ( fig.1-12 , see insert ii , iii ) .
in control school , no health education was applied .
two years mode ii health education made the infection rates 1.2 % and 2.0 % respectively .
the effect on schistosomiasis of mode ii health education was similar to that of mode i , but cost of mode ii was less than that of mode i.
showed that tgf- 1 and type iii collagen were mainly distributed in portal area , in and round egg granuloma .
the results from serum and liver of the mice were conformable .
seven days after challenge with schistosomulae , the antibody titre quickly rose higher than 1 : 2 560 .
in order to study the therapy of chemoembolization in schistosomiasis patients with hepatic metastases from large intestinal carcinoma .
the results indicated that overall median survival from the date of first chemoembolization was ten months .
the most common side effects were transient fevers , abdominal pain and fatigue .
three patients died within one month from the procedure .
the possible factors in the local area contributing to the poor control effect of deltamethrin were discussed in the paper .
correlation analysis on the size of granulomas and the collagen contents showed no correlative relationship between them .
it was suggested that the lesion of egg granuloma formation and the hepatic fibrosis in schistosomiasis were determined by different immunopathologic mechanismes .
the e.caterpillar have obvious pathogenicity . the material compoent of pathogenicity is protein toxin and its toxicity is stronger .
the optimum for growth of the m.domestica raised in batches in laboratory was at temperature 29-30c and relative humidity 70 % .
the optimum for growth of the m.domestica raised in batches in laboratory was at temperature 29-30c and relative humidity 70 % .
the results showed that the monthly incidence made for an early forecasting indicator . the indicator is a breakthrough point and an available indication .
to observe the difference among toxoplasma strains , we analyzed antigens of various strains of toxoplasma .
as a result , 4 strains of toxoplasma were isolated from 5 cag positive blood . the coincidence rate was 80 % ;
the biological determination showed that 4 isolated-strains were similar to rh in morphology , toxicity and antigen feature .
5 strains of hybridoma secreting monoclonal antibody against toxoplasma gondii were established .
1 of 92 blood samples collected from women of childbearing age was positive ( 1.09 % ) .
the sensitivity of sandwich elisa for detecting t. gondii was 12.5 parasites / ml ( 1e9 ) and 25 parasites / ml ( 4c10 ) . 0.05 ) .
low dose of il-2 had no measurable effect on am-infected mice while high dose of il-2 had the trend of exacerbating the trichinosis in am-infected mice .
a reasonable conclusion is that enhancement or inhibition of parasite growth by il-2 is related with the genotype of the species .
trichinella spiralis antibodies in sera from trichinosis cases and infected guinea pigs were detected by dot-elisa , with the positive rate of 97.4 % and 100 % respectively .
this indicated that dot-elisa had high specificity and sensitivity in the early diagnosis of trichinosis .
the prevalence of antibodies to toxoplasma gondii in fowls was examined using modified agglutination test ( mat ) with whole-formalized tachyzoites and mercaptoethanol .
the multiple infection rate decreased by 96.93 % ( 41.35 % -1.27 % ) .
including 73 male and 38 female cases ;
the e. liliputanus-rabbit model appeared to be of value in studies on the mechanism of heterologous resistance and host-parasite relationships .
( 4 ) the infective rate of human decreased from 23.36 % in 1991 to 15.24 % in 1998 ;
( 5 ) the incidence of imported paragonimiasis was 92.2 % in 1998 .
it is suggested that the paragonimiasis had been effectively controlled in dandong city , but it is difficulty to control immported paragonimiasis .
the results showed that purified rsjferritin was only recognized by schistosome-infected sera and immunized rabbits sera .
rsjferritin could be used to diagnose schistosomiasis japonica and evaluate the therapeutic efficacy of the disease .
the recombinant bcg-sj26gst vaccine of schistosome is a new type of vaccine .
these findings provided morphological data for clarifying the immune mechanism of recombinant bcg-sj26gst vaccine of schistosome .
at present , the weak link in malaria control was the poor professional knowledge of village health workers .
in addition , it could be used for differentiating the species of the parasites showing a bro ad prospect of application in the future .
the inhibitory efficacy was related with the concentration and incubation time of the immune sera .
the fusion protein from the target antigen gene fragment of the pan-species monoclonal antibody , m26-32 , has been selected by using different culture temperatures .
the p cr-based method was sensitive and specific in detecting p. falciparum sporozoites in mosquitoes .
the results show directly that transitions involving the excitation of the 4f14 subshell play an important role in the spectral behaviour of highly-excited states of yb atom .
the investigation on slow strain rate testing ( ssrt ) of the weld overlay cladding of 309l and 347l in original and hydrogen charged conditions indicated that 1 .
in this paper , we study some inequaltites for positive linear functionals and generalize the hlder type inequality .
according to the tapered section assumption , this paper presents a method for calculating the local stress of a hollow cylindrical shaft with fillets under tension .
it also discusses the measure system structure of the hardware , the framework of the softare design and the main programme .
based on spectral technique and logical modifying technique , this paper discusses an optimum design of logical function .
the results of example show that , compared with the traditional method , this optimum method has the advantages of simple circuit and low cost .
the results show that the flow coefficients of the orifice-plates with a rectifier are more stable and have less fluctuation than those without a rectifier .
the rectifier can improve the flowing properties in the pipe and act as a long straight tube .
an interface card to extend the function of general purpose oscilloscope is introduced .
in this paper , we proved that the hausdorff measure of sierpinski gasket s satisfies .
the scaling method of the system is proposed and the method of the model-based measurement processing of the weight signals is farther discussed .
it for its excellent character and lower cost that we use the micro-controller of at89c2051 .
the article introduces an activating and charging method for trouble lead-acid accumulator due to over discharging or self-discharging in a long period .
this paper also analyzes the cause of trouble accumulator , principle of activating and main circuit of instrument .
this paper introduces the design of a database system based on browse / server structure .
in the design of application program , a model of remote data service is adopted .
the database system is used for information management of mobile telephone and information management of component .
in this paper , the structure , standard algorithm and optimal technique of distributed information query system for " college and university enrollment " are studied .
the fundamental methods and optimal technique of distributed query are proposed .
the paper introduces a kind of 3d package originality design system based on conceptual design .
data acquisition software ( das ) always confronts field instrumentations and controllers which are provided by different vendor based on different protocols .
this paper discusses the details of how to design such a driver .
in the paper two different kinds protocols are analyzed first , then a brief description of modbus protocol is given which is the base of the gscd ;
after that the structure of gscd is discussed in detail ; finally the c + + class used to implement the gscd is given .
in this paper , best estimation of combinatorial prediction is constructed by weights reciprocal variances .
then their precisions are compared . random error , residuals and predicitons by identical precisions are explained .
in this paper , we study some inequalities for positive linear functionals and generalize the aczel-h ? lder type inequality .
cases were reported only in more than 20 counties in 1997 .
at the same time , diphtheria surveillance and management of infectious sources should be strengthened .
in the same time , measles incidence was dominated by children aged 1 to 9 years .
the incidence was very different among prefectures , and the outbreaks still existed in some areas .
it is suggested that the immunization should be considered for children under age of 14 , in order to control measles outbreaks .
during the 2nd year observation , the incidence of side effect was only 1.2 % .
the results demonstrate the good preventive effect and the safety of influenza vaccine .
no obvious adverse reactions were observed and the positive seroconversion rate was 94.1 % , the gmt was 1 : 8.400 .
the data indicate that the first selected subjects for vzv vaccination are the preschool children and the national vaccine are effective and safe .
the investigation showed that a comprehensive analysis would be needed to evaluated immunization coverage rate .
sera of the target population were examined for measles igg antibody with elisa before and after the catch-up mass immunization campaign respectively .
in 1998 , measles cases in three areas decreased averagely by 89.78 % as comparing with that of three years before the campaign .
it showed that the mv mass immunization campaign had almost reached the primary target .
according to the data of the township reporting system from 12 prefectures , the non-reporting rate was 1.8 % .
the rates of reporting less than 5 times at the rural and urban areas were 51.0 % and 14.4 % respectively .
no wild type ii poliovirus but only one wild type iii poliovirus was reported in china [ 6 ] .
it has been five years that no indigenous wild poliovirus was isolated in china since the end of year 1994 .
it proves that rapid survey method is a good way to supervise the immunization status and take remedial measures on failed vaccination .
we tested poliomyelitis antibody of 42 newborn babies from the sera of umbilical cord , the babies before immunization and after that were followed up .
so , measles catch-up mass immunization can quickly and efficiently raise the antibody level of the population .
measles cases reported from 9.1 % counties and cities of the province accounted for 51.8 % of the total reported cases of guangdong province .
the recommended stragey for controlling measles is to prevent outbreak of measles .
cases were reported only in 35 % counties in china .
injections are only safe when the correct vaccine or medicine is properly administered with sterile equipments .
raising self-protection awareness of the masses and strengthening social supervision should be taken as a long-term strategy for improving epi safe injection .
there were significant differences in immunization coverage rate among urban and rural families who earned different incomes .
the unvaccination was chiefly due to the ineffectiveness of epi information .
these data showed that , in zhejiang province , the immunization coverage rate of hepatitis b vaccine was high and the immune effect was satisfactory .
it suggeated the proper age to immunize children with ha vaccine was at the age of three .
summing up the results above , the inoculation of td produced by shanghai institute in primary school children is safe and effective .
besides , 3 epidemic prevention stations of district level , 8 of county level and 32 town hospitals were surveyed on-spot by provincial epidemic prevention station .
the renewal of refrigerator , cold storage bag and ice raft were more than the others .
the investigation by questionaire showed about 58 % of the epidemic prevention stations had no maintenance worker .
for ensurring the regular working of cold chain equipment , a new secure model should be established , management of the cold chain equipment should be build up .
while preventing and controlling the hfrs of hantaan virus , the seoul virus infection should also be considered at the same time .
( 2 ) most of the students have title of doctor ( technician ) and doctor in charge accounting for 56.56 % and 29.51 % respectively ;
( 3 ) the time the students engaging in medical works or epi works are averagely for 12.65 and 6.86 years respectively ;
( 7 ) students , who got 52.36 scores averagely before training on written test , got 93.65 scores after that .
we suggest to run training classes for enhancing knowledge of vaccine safe injection , sterilization and administration of inoculating apparatus to avoid damage by unsafe injection .
the peak of the epidemic curve appeared every second year .
at the initial stage of epi implementation ( 1978 ~ 1984 ) measles incidence continually decreased , the epidemic peak no longer appeared every second year .
the distribution of measles in the province showed no regular pattern .
the disease onset was in march-may after measles vaccine utilization , mainly in the population under 25 years old , a shifting toward to older ages .
in 1997 ~ 1999 measles mostly concentrated in primary and middle school students accounting for 40 % and next was in scattered resident children accounting for 20 % .
eighty-five percent of immunization sites provided hepatitis b vaccine .
3 ) children were not registered as local residents ; and 4 ) children out of family planning .
factors identified to be associated with not receiving hepatitis b vaccine included : ( 1 ) parents were not aware that hepatitis b vaccine was recommended ;
this study indicates that epi services need to be improved in poor areas , minority populations , and mountainous areas in china .
adenovirus ( 3 cases ) . however , the virus strains of 5 afp cases could not be classified .
32 afp cases who were infected by npev only appeared one limb paralysis .
2 of them after 60 days of disease onset had residual paralysis who were infected respectively by echo 7 and ev 71 viruses .
children whose jbe antibody were negative before immunization showed an antibody positive rates of 83.49 % and 62.79 % after live attenuated and inactivated jbe vaccination respectively .
for all of the women tested , the antibody protective rate was 44.22 % , and the positive tat was 0.096iu/ml .
for the 119 native inhabitants tested , the antibody protective rate was 66.39 % , the positive tat was 0.100iu/ml .
for the 227 non-native inhabitants tested , the antibody protective rate was 32.62 % , the positive tat was 0.092iu/ml .
the yrv was proven safe and no serious side effect .
hb vaccine first dose coverage rate of newborns in 1998 reached 92.82 % , also in this year , hb vaccine was adopted into the epi .
the anti-hbs positive rate was 81.1 % in 270 1 ~ 3 year old children after hb immunization as tested by radio immunoassay .
the results showed no significant difference between the two methods ( p > 0.05 ) .
this special test kit can promote the measles research on seroepidemiology and make the research work much easier .
the serum anti-hav was tested by elisa . the anti-hav negative recruits were divided into vaccinated group and the controlled group .
among the troop recruits , still there were 22 % susceptible to hav .
immunization of anti-hav negative persons is an effective measure to prevent local ha outbreak in grouped population .
to study the ct findings of the herniated lumbar disc on sagittal plain .
50 cases with 54 herniated disks were examined , and sagittal image reconstruction were done after axial scanning in all cases .
the characteristic features of herniated lumbar disc on sagittal plain was a soft tissue density mass from posterior annulus into the spinal canal .
sagittal reconstruction is a useful technique for diagnosing herniated disc because it can provide anatomic information not readily derived from plain films or axial ct scans .
every index of the surveillance system was beyond 80 % and it maintains at a high level up to now .
the virus isolation was dominated by wild-type polio i before 1993 , and it has been 6 years long that we have n't found wild-type poliovirus since 1994 .
we had collected and tested 208 fecal samples of acute flaccid paralysis ( afp ) cases in hubei province in 1999 .
the poliovirus ( pv ) isolation rate was 6.25 % , the non-polio enterovirus ( npev ) isolation rate was 3.37 % .
( 2 ) to increase the fund together with enhancement of sense of responsibility of medical workers at the basic level ;
the ratio of male and female nnt cases was 1.25 : 1 reported from surveillance system .
the 39 and 92 cases belonged to 10 measles outbreaks and 13 rubella outbreaks respectively .
all 231 cases were reported as suspected measles and did not have history of rubella vaccination .
both measles and rubella outbreaks were found prevalent simultaneousuly in different towns and villages of the two counties .
using these two methods , the sera of 277 healthy persons and the convalescent sera of 8 mumps meningoencephalitis were tested parallelly .
the cost-benefit ratio of the measles vaccination campaign ranged from 1 : 3.36 to 1 : 4.70 .
the measles catching-up vaccination campaign is one of the most effective measures to control measles .
rural areas and schools were the main sites where the outbreaks occurred .
the highest attack rate was 171.60 per thousand . the outbreak also occurred in floating populations in the city but the attack rate was lower .
the period from january to june and october were chiefly the time when outbreak took place .
91.2 % of the total cases in outbreaks were children under 15 years old .
the emergent vaccination activities were more effective for outbreaks in schools and city .
the suggestion was to increase the routine measles vaccination rate and to carry out supplementary immunization activities in sustained measles outbreak areas and epi weak areas .
the children whose antibody level before immunization were undetected or under low level accounted for 78.37 % .
supplementary immunization had played an important role in controlling measles outbreak and eliminating measles .
authors suggest that we should go on vaccinating 1 ~ 14 year old children who has not been listed as the targets of supplementary immunization .
a suggestion of implementing an enhanced hb vaccination to these children was put forward .
to determine the role of inflammatory cytokine interleukin-1 ( il-1 ) in the mechanism of sciatic pain in lumbar disc herniation .
to identify some factors that affect the outcome of lumbar disc herniation ( ldh ) treated by operation and determine the indication of the operation for ldh .
the difference between good and poor outcome groups was significant in symptoms , signs , result of ct and mri .
to evaluate the efficacy of the mri in the diagnosis and treatment of the patient with multiple level lumbar disci herniation .
83 cases who accepted surgical operation were followed up 6 ~ 36 months with average 1.5 years . the excellent and good effective rate was 93.9 % .
the clinical status of the patients was divided by the asia 92 principles .
among them the complete paralysis cases had no mep signals , while the mep in incomplete injured group had decreased amplitude and increased latency .
there was significant correlation between the mep latency and the asia motor scares ( p < 0.01 ) .
the sep signals of most sci cases obliterated or delayed , which had no correlation with the results of mep examination or asia motor scares .
to study and evaluate the efficacy of apofix internal fixation system in posterior cervical fixation .
to evaluate the efficacy of tsrh ( texas scottish-rite hospital instrumentation ) pedicle screw spinal system in the treatment of lumbar spine instability .
twenty-one cases with various lumbar spine instability which have been treated with tsrh pedicle screw spinal system were analyzed retrospectively .
after an average of 20.9 months follow-up , most cases got good results with a 95.2 % fusion rate .
to evaluate the postoperative result of enveloping bladder with the flaps of the rectus abdominis muscle in treating the patients with neuropathic bladder dysfunction .
after the operation , residual urine was significant decreased , and 81.5 % patients operated on would urinate by themselves satisfactorily .
to observe and compare the different effects of baclofen and verapamil in treating spastic bladder after spinal cord injury .
curative effect of baclofen and verapamil in the treatment of spastic bladder post-spinal injury was remarkable , baclofen might be the first choice .
to study curative effect of selective posterior rhizotomy to treat spastic limbs in adults after brain injury .
it is a successful way to treat spastic limbs of brain injury in adults with selective posterior rhizotomy .
to study the recovery of neural function of adult rats injured spinal cord by fetal spinal cord tissue with vascularized tissue transplantation .
adult normal lumbar discs and prolapsed lumbar discs were observed by transmissional electron microscopy ( tem ) .
the content of elastin in different parts of the intervertebral discs was quantitated by high-performance liquid chromatography ( hplc ) .
the elastin content is very low in lumbar discs . its distribution has relation to the function of lumbar discs .
the elastin content reduces significantly in pathological discs . the changes of elastin distribution and morphology were an important basis of the disc degeneration and herniation .
to explore the pathogenesis and clinical features of the special type spondylosis of dissociated motor loss in upper extremity and its differential diagnosis and treatment .
comprehensively analysing the features of symptoms and signs in four patients and their image results , the processes of diagnosis and treatment and their prognoses .
2 patients who underwent operations with anterior discectomy and fusion gained recovery , but the other 2 patients treated by conservative method showed no improvement .
to study the practical value of treatment of multilevel cervical spondylotic myelopathy ( csm ) through anterior approach .
thirty-two cases of csm patients were studied . the pathological segments in 27 cases involved two intervertebral discs . the other 5 cases involved three intervertebral discs .
29 cases were followed up to 32.5 months in average . solid fusion were obtained within 12 to 16 weeks postoperatively .
the restoration of the intervertebral spaces were maintained after operation . the physiological curve of cervical spine is good .
no complications occurred , such as breaking of the plate and screw .
introduce the surgical technique of anterior screw fixation in odontoid process fractures .
of 8 cases , 1 appeared partial impairment of motor function on one side of extremities ,
to introduce a new type halo-vest fixation apparatus and its therapeutic effect for treatment of cervical spinal facet dislocation .
to evaluate the classification and surgical management of thoracic spinal tumors with both intracanalicular and extracanalicular extension .
clinical symptoms were improved in all patients .
to study the effect of fetal spinal cord grafts , nerve growth factor ( ngf ) and nimodipine ( nd ) on repairing injured spinal cord .
obsjective : to study the pathology and the contents of collagen of the degenerative cervical ligamentum flavum and its relationship to cervical spinal stenosis .
the contents of collagen in the patient 's group was significantly higher than those in the normal adults .
to reveal the role of sympathetic nerve in affecting the blood flow of the vertebral-basal artery ( vba ) .
3the variation of blood flow has nothing to do with the systemic blood pressure .
incidence of tonsillar ectopia was 33.3 % in patients with abnormal seps in contrast to the much lower incidence of 2.9 % in patients with normal seps .
there is a significant structural and functional link .
to investigate the methods and warnings of thoracic vertebral pedicle fixation .
to evaluate the results of reinfusion of predeposited autologous blood in scoliosis orthormorphia .
intraoperative autologous transfusion device were used for all patients .
the average amounts of predeposited autologous blood was 650ml and those of allogenic blood was 350ml in study group .
the combination of predeposited autologous blood and intraoperative autologous transfusion device can greatly decrease the need of homologous blood .
to evaluate the applicatiln value of the ankoe clonus test in surgeries of scoliosis .
to make comparison of the intervrtebral segmental stiffness between posterior lumbar interbody fusion ( plif ) with one lengthened posterolateral cage and two antero-posterior cages .
experimental group had a longthened single threaded cage inserted posterolaterally on the left side through posterior approach with left unilateral facetectomy ;
control group had two regular length cages inserted posteriorly . nondestructive tests were performed in pure compression , flexion , extension bilateral bending , and rotation .
to analyze the clinical and radiological outcomes of anterior decompression and interbody fusion with an additional plate fixation for cervical spondylosis myelopathy .
to study and evaluate the derotatoin with mep monitoring spinal cord function in the scoliosis surgery .
group c was corrected until 10 % latency delay in mep and then removed the fixation ;
group d was corrected until 10 % delay in latency and maintained for 12 hours .
in group a and group c , all rats ' ambulation and mep were normal .
two rats of group b had neurologicl deficits . while rotation deformities were corrected totally , lateral curves were also basically corrected .
50 % correction of rotation deformity is a critical limit in sd rats : mep monitoring is feasible in monitoring spinal cord function .
group b : 6 dogs , ngf was administered at the lesion site via indwelling , implaned , osmotic minipumps .
these data showed that mbl can provide a suitable environment for axonal regeneration and ngf is able to enhance the regeneration capacity of central nevous system .
transplant of autologous mbl and use of ngf to repair spinal cord transection is feasible .
to study biomechanical stability of cervical spine laminoplasty retaining the posterior ligaments complex .
to compare the repairing effect between two experimental models .
to study apoptosis of glial cells and expression of proteins of apoptotic regulated genes in white matter after spinal cord transection in rats .
glial cells in white matter do undergo apoptosis after spinal cord transection in rats .
to study the effect of postinjury treatment with mg2 + on spinal cord edema after traumatic spinal cord injury .
a spinal cord injury model of the rat was induced by modified allen 's weight drop method ( 50g.cm ) .
immunostaining for et-1 almost distributed the whole grey matter of normal spinal cord of the rats , including neurons , glial cells , endothelial cells and interstitium .
prominent neuronal staining was noted .
the expression of et-1 upregulates in injured spinal cord . neuron may be a main contributor to the increase of et-1 in injured spinal cord .
to elucidate the relationship between endothelin ( et ) and blood-spinal cord barrier ( bscb ) breach after spinal cord injury ( sci ) .
in the first study , uninjured groups were administered vehicle or et-1 ( 10ng ) intrathecally .
the permeability of bscb was evaluated quantitatively using evans blue . tissue edema was determined by percentage water content .
et plays a role in breakdown of bscb following sci.et receptor antagonist has potent therapeutic effect on sci .
experimental rats were divided into two grops : allen 's weight drop injury group , spinal cord injury with high dose methylprednisolone group .
this increase in gap-43 positive cells was paralleled by a significant improvement in neurological function evaluated by open-field and inclined plane tests .
the high dose methylprednisolone make increase of gap-43 mrna expression in injuried spinal cord with a high level and a long time .
to study the changes on neurotrophic factors expression in injuried spinal cord of adult rats after fetal spinal cord transplantation .
neurotrophic factors expression in fetal spinal cord transplantion group showed a higher level with a long time lasting than single spinal cord injuried group .
to study the changes and significance of glucocorticoid receptors in peripheral leukocytes in patients of acute spinal cord injury .
glucocorticoid receptors binding sites in peripheral leukocytes was markedly lower in patients than in normal adults .
to compare the stiffnesses and the failure strengths of single sacral screw fixation to that of two divergent triangulated sacral screw fixation under different loading conditions .
all specimens were tested with an instron material testing machine .
the strength of fixation seems to have a negative relation with aging .
the stability and the yield strength provided by the arf device have been studied in a biomechanical model of fresh cadaveric thoracolumbar specimens .
the arf was used in 6 patients .
to investigate clinical results of disc excision and interbody fusion for the treatment of lumbar discogenic pain .
low back pain improvement and interbody arthrodesis were followed up at least two years .
low back pain improvement was 89 % in cage group , and 91 % in psf group one year after surgery .
pain improvement was up to 93 % in cage group , and 94 % in psf group two years after surgery .
to study the clinical significance of intramedullary high intensity lesion on t2-weighted mri with compressive lesion of the cervical spinal canal .
magnetic resonance ( mr ) imaging was performed in 147 patients with compressive lesion of the cervical spinal canal .
the frequency of this finding was proportional to clinical severity of myelopathy and degree of spinal cord compression .
the pathophysiological basis of such abnormal signal was presumed to vary from acute edema to chronic myelomalacia .
there was a good correlation between the neurological level and the high intensity level on mr images .
the intramedullary lesion on mr images is considered to be the main site of lesion responsible for the neurological symptom .
to analyse the causes of diagnostic errors and reopreation of thoracic spinal stenosis .
twenty-four cases of thoracic spinal stenosis that had been misdiagnosed and with reoperated were studied retrospectively .
one case was decompressed insufficiently and another was done in wrong level .
two cases were underwent posterior laminectomy while the anterior oppresion of medulla was still existed .
all of the above conditions could result in misdiagnosis and reoperation of thoracic spinal stenosis .
to determine the biological function of the bone morphogenitic protein ( bmp ) in the process of degeneration of cervical intervertebral disc .
the degeneration of cervical disc is human being is related to unusual highly expression of bmp .
to investigate the content of nitric oxide ( no ) in the herniated lumbar disc and to clarify which cells in herniated lumbar disc produce no .
to find out effective substances and methods for the prevention of peridural adhesion .
to study the influence of different types of operation and anesthesia on intraoperative cardiovascular complication of geriatric noncardiac surgery .
retrospective analyze the clinical data of 3088 patients undergone geriatric noncardiac surgery .
the average age of noncardiac geriatric patients suffered from intraoperative cardiovascular complication is older than the patient about no complication . male has more complication than female .
the complication morbidity of operation on urologic system is obviously much more than that on other systems , and of the prostatectomy is the most .
the morbidity of intraoperative cardiovascular complication in patients with spinal anesthesia is higher than that with general of local anesthesia .
advanced age , male , operation on urologic system and spinal , anesthesia type are some of the risk factors for intraoperative cardiovascular complication in geriatric noncardiac surgery .
to search for index of early prediction of copd patient suitable for the treatment by face-mask positive-pressure mechanical ventilation .
fifty-eight patients with copd at acute stage are involved into the research .
the percentage of the success of nippv treat , ment is 41.4 % .
the specificity and sensibility is 100 % and 53 % respectively .
significant and specific changes of vital signs and unconsciousness can be caused by mrf injury , which are positively related to the severity of injury of mrf .
these changes are recoverable in most cases even with severe damage in mrf .
the interaction between et and txb2 / 6-keto-pgf1 my be involved in the progress from ua to ami .
to investigate the significance of plasma interleukin-8 ( il-8 ) levels in acute cerebrovascular diseases ( acd ) .
plsama il-8 levels were significantly elevated in the patients with acd , which suggested that il-8 may play an important role in the pathogenesis of acd .
the expression of nm23-h1 protein was examined in 26 escc without lymph node metastasis and 28 with lymph node metastasis using immunohistochimical s-p method .
the expression was not correlated with lymph node metastasis , but reduced expression of nm23-h1 gene was associated with lymph node metastasis .
to observe the changes of plasma d-dimer in patients with acute ischemic coronary syndrome and explore the clinic significance .
however , there was no significantly difference between sap group and control group ( p0.05 ) .
all data were analyzed according to cross-over design rule .
the results between a and b groups were similar when the same drug was inhaled at different time .
qs / qt was found higher when enf was received than sevo did at two concentration during olv ( p0.01 ) .
enf and sevo can be safely used during olv at clinical concentration , and sevo is more superior .
plasma tnf- contents at various time point were analyzed by elisa method .
in the mean time , the activities of serum no and lung tissue homogenate inos were measured .
middle cerebral artery occlusion ( mcao ) in rats produces an model of acute cerebral ischemia ( aci ) .
the level of plasma et-1 in rats with aci were assayed by radioimmunoassay ( ria ) .
to study whether ct appearances of traumatic delayed intracranial hemorrhage correlated with glasgow coma scale ( gcs ) .
methods 313 patients with craniocerebral trauma underwent head ct scanning , within 1 ~ 4 days all patients underwent head ct scanning again .
the gcs score of patient with delayed intracranial hemorrhage was less than that of patients without delayed intracranial hemorrhage ( p0.01 ) .
the gcs score of patient having occurred delayed intracranial hemorrhage was less than that of while entering hospital ( p0.01 ) .
the gcs score did not correlated with the type of delayed intracranial hemorrhage .
the delayed intracranial hemorrhage could increase the severity of neurologic dysfunction .
further to study the relative factors effecting hemorheological changes following head injury for clinical treatment of the patients .
moreover , the hemostatic drug and intracranial pressure 's effects on the hemorheological indexes were observed .
all hemorheological indexes had no relation with course of disease .
every index in dicynone group had no significant difference from that in control group ( p0.05 ) .
lower serum levels of zn in patients with chd might be associated with increased consume .
the day of 1st , 3rd , and 7th after admission , the venous blood samples were determinated .
the increased level of acute intoxication of organic phosphorus disinsector was consistent with the degree of intoxication condition tissue injury and pathologic coures .
to investigate the changes of plasma atrial natriuretic factor ( anf ) in patients with asthma during acute attack and remission .
the plasma anf in patients with acute attack of asthma was increased and had something to do with the severity of disease .
to study the mechanism of early lung injury caused by intestinal infection in rats .
the cecal ligation and perforation ( clp ) was utilized to make the abdominal infection in rats .
the pulmonary vascular permeability and the neutrophil percentage of balf increased progressively .
the concentrations of endotoxin and tnf in plasma , lung and balf significantly increased .
to observe the change of heart function and clinical curative effect of refractory heart failure patient treated by amrinone .
to the patients with refractory heart failure , amrinone is one of the reasonable and effective choice .
loading dose of amrinone can get the therapeutic effect quickly , which can be maintained by continuous infusion .
by using elisa method , il-8 levels were determined in 25 chronic viral hepatitis , 30 cirrhosis and 15 cirrhosis complacated spontaneous bacterial peritonitis .
alt levels were determined with rutine method in same patients .
to study the effect of urapidil on the plasma content of neuropeptide y ( npy ) in the patients with congestive heart failure ( chf ) .
twelve patients with chf were given ura 25 mg intravenously , plasma level of npy was measured by radiommunoassa before and after ten minutse of treatment with ura .
to observe the effect of mild hypothermia on inducible nitric oxide synthase ( inos ) and pathological change following cerebral ischemia and reperfusion injury .
apoptosis in intestine of rats in early stage of polytrauma combined with shock was discussed .
at 6 h after resuscitation , the ap % increased together with the severity of trauma .
a great many of intestinal epithelial cells appeared positive by isel .
it was shown by morphological examination that intestinal epithelial cells at the base of crypt , lymphocytes and eosinophils in lamina propria was induced to apoptosis .
to explore the effects of delayed rapid resuscitation on pulmonary function in severely scalded dogs .
the four-vessel occlusion models was made as discribed by pulsinelli-brierley in sprague-daewley rats .
observing the influence of anion no , et-1 and energy metabolism during the reperfusion period .
ani can depress the marked increase of no , et-1 and lactate in the early stage of reperfusion , and also improve the contents of atp .
ani have a remarkble protection on cerebral ischemia-reperfusion damage . its mechanisms may be involoved in the influence of anion no , et-1 and energy metabolosm .
to evaluate the accuracy and clinical use of cardiac index and ejection fraction derived from transthoracic electrical bioimpedance ( teb ) .
sixty-five adult non-valvular disease patients were examined with teb and color doppler simultaneously , coupled ef values derived from each method were compared ;
a clinical study of the inflammatory multi-organ dysfunctional syndrome on the early diagnoses .
to explore the change of serum c-reactive protein ( crp ) in patients with acute organophosphorus pesticide poisoning ( aopp ) and its significance .
raw increased and cdyn , pao2 decrease in control groups , paco2 decrease too in prophase .
but had a significant improved in treatment bin prophase .
et-1 and etar suggest an important role in the mechanisms and pathogenesis of sepsis .
to observe the protective effect of different preconditioning ( pc ) methods on ischemia / reperfusion arrhythmia .
a model of reperfusion after 10 mins of the left descending coronary artery occlusion in langendorff rat hearts was used .
the different pc can protect heart from ischemia / reperfusion induced arrythmias .
analysis of curative effect cost ratio and observation of adverse reactions on high-grade antibiotics , in order to guide reasonable usage of antibiotics .
to understand the pathogen and their sensitivity to antibacterial agents and investigate the antibiotic therapy in emergency patients with pulmonary infection .
forty-six cases with pulmonary infection of emergency patients from january 1998 to october 1998 were investigated on pathogens , sputum culture and drug suseptibility test .
there were 21 and 23 patients in group a and b , respectively .
compared with two-lung ventilation , pao2 ( mean s ) was significantl less with 1-lv ( groupi : 22.93 9.47 kpa , groupii : 20.44 8.42 kpa ) .
these results demonstrate that improvement in arterial oxygenation with non-ventilated lung cpap can be achieved with the cpap 0.29 kpa and 0.490 kpa during 1-lv .
to instruct the salvation of multiple injury patients with noninvasive heart function monitor .
the trend of wave form is observed . results the co is monitored during the first , the second and the third 24hrs .
at the fourth 24hrs , the wave form is in the range of 4 ~ 5 which is much better than the first 24hrs .
to probe into focal cerebral ischmia-reperfusion injury pathological maolecular injury in experimental study .
it was applaied that pathological model of cerebral ischmia reperfusion to objective ultrastructure of histopathology .
probing into the mechanism of sibelium protective effect on brain tissue in acute cerebral ischemia reperfusion .
sibelium can decrease lpo content , stabilize sod activity , decrease the water content of brain tissue during reperfusion .
treating long-term hypoparathy roidism demand transplantation of parathyroid . this experiment aim at studying allotransplantation of parathyroid tissue without immunosuppression .
the caspase inhibitor was added in one naked cell group and one microencapsulated group .
after transplantation , serum calcium and pth-n were measured enery 2 weeks .
to assess the efficacy of nasal mask bipap positive airway pressure ( bipap ) support in managing respiratory failure following cardiovascular surgery .
bipap support is an effective managment technique for postoperative respiratory failure and may also prevent prolonged endotracheal intubation .
the levels of plasma no were determined by green 's and et by radioimmunoassay .
in 24 healthy controls ( group a ) , the average levels of plasma no were 26.52 2.51 mol / land that of et were 45.81 11.21 ng/l .
and in 42 cerebral infarction cases , that of no were 18.00 3.12 mol / l , et were 129 9.37 ng/l .
in comparison with group a , the levels of plasma no significantly decreased ( p0.05 ) .
the change of levels of the plasma no and et may promote the development of acute cerebrovascular diseases .
to study the curative effect and safety of thrombolytic therapy with broadened therapeutic window for cerebral infarction .
of 94 acute cerebral infarction cases were divided into thrombolytic group ( 64 cases ) and control group ( 30 cases ) randomly .
conduct spect , ct , and mri studies in the same patient less than 48 hours after the attack .
the positive rates during ct , mri , and spect studies were 41.10 % , 60.87 % , and 85.29 % , respectively .
left ventricular mass , thickness of infarcted and non-infarcted zone were directly measured . the content of ang ii and hp in local myocardium was also measured .
to measure tissue blood flow distribition and the effects of anti-rhtnf mcab on the distribution of blood flow among and within the brain of endotoxemia rabbits .
this experiment suggests that endotoxemia can result in the reduction of brain blood flow and blood distribution , which can be effectively corrected by anti-rhtnf mcab .
to evaluate the characteristic of cerebral complication and emergent management after open heart surgery .
twenty-eight cases died , including 16 cases of cerebral hemorrhage and 12 cases of ischemic brain damage , mortality was 75.6 % .
the results indicate that tnf-a , ne , et and adm plays an important role in the pathophysiology of sirs .
to research the clinical significance of immediate percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty ( ptca ) in patients with acute myocardial infarction ( ami ) .
using the catheterization , we observed the change of hemodynamic indices before and after ptca in patients with ami .
the hemodynamic indices included pcwp , mpap , maop , lvedp , co , ci , pvr and svr .
compared with the indices of hemodynamics before ptca , the indices of pcwp , mpap and lvedp was decreased significantly after ptca ( p < 0.01 ) .
the others was no improved significantly .
after ptca , the left ventricular function was improved significantly in patients with ami .
to investigate short-term efficacy and safety of low-molecular-weight ( lmwh ) in the treatment of acute cerebral infarction .
lmwh is efficacious , safe and simple for the treatment of acute cerebral infarction .
to determine if activated human complement could directly damaged cavy isolated heart and cd59 could prevent myocardial damage associated with the activation of human complement .
activated human complement could directly damage cavy isolated hearts and cd59 could prevent myocardial damage associated with the activation of human complement .
to investigate the effect of nhe and its inhibitor in acute lung injury .
used lipopolysaceharide ( l ps , 5 mg / kg ) to reproduct the model of acute lung injury in rats .
after five hours , killed the rats all .
then he inhibitor can protect acute lung injury , and nhe involves in acute lung injury exactly .
the complete cerebral ischemia and ischemia-reperfusion model was made .
tnf , il-1 , il-6 in plasma and brain tissue were determined and the alterations of the ultrastructrue in brain tissue were observed .
the influence of glutamine on bacterial transl ocation of rats with acute necrotizing pancreatitis ( anp ) was observed .
( pconclusion the study suggested that glutamine could be helpful to maintain the mucous barrier function and decrease bacterial translocation in anp .
to explore astroglial responses in hippocampal ca1 region and effects of moderate hypothermia after transient forebrain ischem ia in gerbils .
transient forebrain ischemia was induced by 20 minutes bilateral carotid occlution .
all gerbils were divided randomly into sham operation group , ischemia plus reperfusion group and moderate hypothermia group .
activated astrocytes were identified by immunohistochemistry .
the marked proliferation of astrocytes seen in the normothermic animals was inhibited significantly in the hypothermic ischemia animals .
astroglial responses play critical roles in the development of cerebral ischemi injury .
inhibition of astroglial responses by moderate hypothermia may be the cause of its n europrotection .
to study the significance intercellular adhesion molecule-1 ( icam-1 ) in coronary heart disease by measuring plasma soluble icam -1 ( sicam-1 ) level .
the changes of csf pco2 plays an important role in regulation of csf acid-base balance .
the coronary lesion of 40 patients with ami were 0 ~ 1 degree of timi classfication . other patients in 4 ~ 6 hours and >
the bedside determination of ctni is sensitive , specific , simple and rapid assay in diagnosis of ami .
to investigate the cause and significance of r eintubation or not in patients of unplanned endotracheal extubation ( uee ) .
compare and analyze of patients who were reintubated and who were not reintubated after uee .
rcia and rbc- -ep were measured before the treatment and after 14 days of treatment .
the clinic effect in both groups were similar , but rbc-c3brr increased while rbc- -ep and r bc-icr decreased much more in naloxone group than in control .
naloxone can block the combination of -ep with -ep receptor on the rbc membrane , and contributes to improve the function of rcia in patients with aci .
the smc from rabbit normal abdominal aorta were cultured and divided into three groups .
the content of hmme in smc is dose-dependent and time-dependent , and is significantly higher than that of hpd .
the hmme uptake is significantly affected by the metabolic status of smc .
to investigate the hematological changes induced by intra-cardiac and intra-arterial ( external carolid artery ) pulsed nd : yag laser irradiation in rabbits .
in order to investigate the immediate hematologic changes in local cavity of hemangioma induced by nd : yag laser interstitial irradiation .
to study the influence of tympanic membrane perforation caused by co2 laser and nd : yag laser on hearing .
the larger the output power density of laser , the shorter the irradiation time needed to impair the ear bone and cochlea .
to avoid impairment of hearing the laser power density and irradiation time should be strictly controlled in making the hole in tympanic membrene by laser .
water injection into the middle ear cavity may prevent or reduce the impairment of ear bone and cochlea when the tympanic membrane is perforated by co2 laser irradiation .
ophthalmoscopically , the diode burns appeared as more grayish patches .
intense diode intense diode laser irradiation resulted in choroidal and inner scleral injuries , while the ganglion cell layer remained spared .
to evaluate the efficacy and stability of excimer laser prk for treatment of myopia and myopic astigmatism .
two hundreds and eleven eyes of 130 patients ranging from -1.50 to -16.00 diopter were treated by prk with scanning excimer laser .
according to preoperative refraction , all eyes were divided into three groups .
the healing process was observed at the third , seventh day and the fourth week after opesation .
laser welding method had the advantage of fast healing and flat and slight scar formation .
laser welding for the restoration of skin incision is an ideal method for tissue repairing and is worth applying in clinical practice .
hemorheologic and hemofibrinolytic functions were determined before and after the treatment .
oropharynx irradiation decreased the whole blood viscosity and platelet aggregation rate ( p < 0.01 ) , reduced fibrinogen level ( p < 0.01 ) .
the drug increased only t-pa activity ( p < 0.05 ) .
to investigate the effect of nd : yag laser on the occlusion of pupil .
the pupillary membrane was torn by the contraction of the pupillary extensor . the incision was enlarged until the pupillary membrane rolled in the anterior chamber .
the visual acuity was 0.83 0.15 and all had normal iop .
active inflammation in 6 patients disappeared one month after operation . one patient recovered 2 months after operation .
to explore the applicability of nd : yag laser in the treatment of dental pulp disease and periapical disease .
to evaluate the feasibility and indication of treatment of pharyngeal and laryngeal benign tumors with ktp ( 532 nm ) laser .
methods 27 cases of pharyngeal and laryngeal benign tumors were treated with ktp laser .
when the tumor was excised with ktp laser , the aiming spot was focused at the lesion under microsecope .
all tumors in the 27 patients were cured by one treatment .
no relapse occurred affter 1-3 years follow-up .
to study the optimal irradiation time and power density in photodynamic therapy with delta-aminolevulinic acid ( ala-pdt ) for tumor cells photoinactivation in vitro .
the strongest photoinactivation effect occured in the hep-2 cells co-cultured with 1 mmol / l ala for 8 h.
ala-pdt can effectively kill the cultured hep-2 cells in vitro . the optimal killing activity was related to the time and the power density of the laser irradiation .
to study the pharmacokinetic rule of hematoporphyrin monomethyl ether ( hmme ) in animal after intravenous injection .
it was suggested that the plasma concentration-time course of hmme in rabbits after intravenous injection was a first-order linear kinetic process .
the data of the elimination phase showed that hmme was eliminated more quickly and was not accumulated , thus significantly reducing the systematic side effects .
to investigate the spatial and temporal pattern of interstitial diode ( 805 nm ) laser thermal lesions in brain tissue .
we also established a mathematical model of the relationship between the size of lesion induced by iltt and the diode laser-output and irradiation time .
it is possible to get a defined target of iltt by selecting the best combination of laser output and irradiation time according to the mathematical methods .
no fluorescence image was detected in controls .
to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of hysteroscopic nd : yag laser treatment of intrauterine adhesions .
the normal menstruation recovery rate was 76.5 % ( 26 / 34 ) and effective rate 100 % ( 34 / 34 ) .
the pregnancy rate was 62.5 % ( 10 / 16 ) .
no intraoperative or postoperative complication was found .
group e was treated with nimodipine and aspirin as well as 632.8 nm illli of 3 mw .
the serum concentration of et-1 was decreased but revealed no significant difference among the effects of illli with different wavelength ;
co2 laser stapedotomy was performed in 9 guinea pigs to investigate the influence of varying dosage of co2 laser irradiation on inner receptor organ .
after irradiation the animals were decapitated . the effect of laser treatment on the hair cells of inner ear was observed by scanning electron microscopy .
it was found that cochlear hair cells were not affected by low power ( 2 w ) co2 laser irradiation .
our findings indicate that careful selection of appropriate dosage of laser irradiation is of essential significance in stapes surgery .
the experimental data obtained may be used as a reference for the treatment of otosclerosis with laser of appropriate power density .
to explore the effect of nd : yag laser irradiation to tympanic membrane on the structure and function of inner ear .
guinea pigs were equally divided into 3 groups .
to investigate the effectiveness of emergency laser operation ( elo ) for acute hemorrhoidal disease .
methods 620 patients with acute hemorrhoidal disease have been treated in the outpatient department since january 1996 .
the mass in which pro-lape range exceeds half of the anus , the number of hemorrhoidal lumps to be excised depends on the size of the mass .
pain weakened immediately and swelling disappeared within a week postoperationally .
521 cases ( 82.6 % ) were cured within a month and 108 cases ( 17.4 % ) were cured within 30 to 45 days .
serious hemorrhage occurred in 6 cases which was successfully controlled by ligation of the bleeding sites .
urine catheterization due to urinal retention was performed in 18 cases . stricture of anus occurred in one case and was treated by surgical excision .
to explore the technique of nd : yag laser cruciate posterior capsulotomy for the treatment of after-cataract occurred after lens implant surgery and the prevention of complications .
the clinical data of 58 after-cataract patients who had undergone nd : yag laser cruciate posterior capsulotomy were analyzed retrospectively .
successful rate of capsulotomy was 100 % .
the incidence of complications was low , with intraocular lens pitting appeared in only 6.9 % of the eyes and anterior hyaloid membrane rupture in 27.6 % .
nd : yag laser cruciate posterior capsulotomy is a safe and effective method for the treatment of all types of after-cataract .
to investigate the liver damage induced by photodynamic therapy ( pdt ) and provide an experimental basis for pdt treatment for liver cancers .
to investigate the long-term follow-up results of ultrasound-guided percutaneous pdt for liver cancer and to evaluate the efficacy and safety of this technique .
the patients received injection of hematoporphyrin derivative ( hpd ) i.v . in a dose of 5 mg / kg body weight 48 h prior to laser irradiation .
an ultrasound-guided percutaneous liver puncture was performed and optical fibers were inserted into the tumors via 18g needles .
the patients were examined with routine blood test , liver functions , afp assay and usg at one week after treatment .
a month later they were reexamined by needle biopsy and received next pdt treatment .
to investigate the clinical effects of ktp ( ktipo4 ) frequency-doubled nd : yag laser treatment for lacrimal passage obstruction caused by various reasons .
lacrimal passage obstruction in 520 eyes of 460 patients were treated by ktp frequency-doubled nd : yag laser irradiation . 213 males and 247 females .
, aged 2 months-75 years ,
all the cases followed up for 15 days-38 months .
among the 490 eyes which received only one treatment , there were 481 eyes cured and 9 failed .
among the 30 eyes which received second treatment , 23 eyes were cured and 7 failed .
the overall results were 504 eyes successfully cured ( 96.9 % ) and 16 failed ( 3.1 % ) .
no significant complications were observed .
our findings indicate that ktp frequency-doubled nd : yag laser therapy is effective and safe for treatment of lacrimal passage obstruction caused by various diseased conditions .
with a lbo crystal as the frequency doubler outside the cavity , about 30 mw of 671 nm laser output is obtained .
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .
a general expression of threshold condition was obtained and discussed .
this paper reports the observation of a spectrum on an atomic beam in slow-microwave fields using the optical pumping .
the spectrum is given in standing microwave fields when the slow-wave factors of helix structures are 5.20 and 10.67 respectively .
the boardening of the spectral line in the spectrum when the helix stucture is perpendicular to the atomic beam is also observed and discussed .
the effects of pressure and mixture of raman gases were discussed .
the wavelength conversion based on cross-gain modulation in a semiconductor optical amplifier ( soa ) has been experimentally studied .
a few critical rules concerning the design of resonators used for high-power laser diode end-pumped cw solid-state lasers were presented in this paper .
experimental results show that the lasers based on such a resonator can readily be operated with low threshold pump power , high output power and high efficiency .
the method of realizing optical wavelet transform ( owt ) with mexican-hat wavelet function for diffusion-limited aggregate ( dla ) pattern is described in this paper .
dla fractal pattern is successfully dissolved into different scale patterns by using a series of discrete dilation factor .
dla fractal dimension has been also obtained using the method of the owt in this paper .
the experimental results have proved that owt is an important method to analyze dla pattern in real time .
the experiments prove correctness of the formulas .
35 cases of skin malignancy treated with photodynamic therapy were reported .
a he-ne laser with an output power of 600 mw and the hematoporphyrin derivative were applied .
the detecting system of platinum inclusions in laser glass is reported .
a strong and broad absorption band was observed in the region of 400 ~ 550 nm .
left testes of male mice in two groups were irradiated by the he-ne laser with two different powers .
synaptonemal complex ( sc ) of spermatocytes with a surface microspreading technique were examined by the electron microscopy .
no significant increase in frequency of sc aberrations was observed in the irradiated left testes of the two experiment groups .
the laser energy density for the experiment was much higher than for clinical treatment .
the results show irradiating testes by he-ne laser is n't able to induce sc aberrations .
this result primarily suggested that the foreign genes had integreted in cotton genome , and the transgenic plants showed high resistance to verticillium wilt .
according to this , it could show that soluble protein synthesis of corn seedling could be promoted by he-ne laser radiating drying seeds .
in this paper , the multi-beam holographic optical head is investigated theoretically and experimentally .
a simple tunable all fiber erbium-doped fiber ring laser with large tuning range has been reported .
this paper reports 1.31 m waveband semiconductor optical amplifier ( soa ) based on tensile strained quantum wells and compress strained quantum wells .
under the condition of 150 ma bias current , the soa shows 24 db small signal gain and 1 db polarization sensitivity .
the method has been successfully used in the system for measuring the 3-d surface topography of diffractive optical elements .
an anti-counterfeiting approach combining cgh and holographic interference is presented in this paper .
128 128 diffractive microlens arrays have been designed by considering the relative optical and processing parameters for 3 ~ 5 m wavelength with a microlens diameter of 100 m.
according to the spectral data reported here , the energy level scheme of tm : bay2f8 was given , and the mechanism of the up-conversion luminescence was suggested .
the mechanism of high-repetition rate pulses generated from ahml-edfl in particular , the influence of modulation degree on pulse train are discoussed .
pumping threshold is 40 mw with a slope efficiency of 29.4 % .
the experimental set-up and results are discussed in this paper .
for example , the modulation index decreased to 1.7 % for quasi-five-element hecla in the case of super-gaussian distribution laser incident .
" peak crosscorrelation scan re-registration " algorithm aiming at the recovery of the distorted oct images is proposed in this paper .
the image distortion related factors are analysed theoretically . digital filtering allows the distortion information to be derived from the peak crosscorrelation functions .
a gray threshold is set to avoid the influence of the noise in crosscorrelation .
to reduce unexpected misregistration induced re-registration fault , the maximum value of re-registration is limited , as a result the fault-tolerance of the algorithm is greatly improved .
in addition , the paper also gives the distorted images and the restored ones , together with the suggestions to decrease the cumulating errors of the algorithm .
interference phenomena between high harmonics and hyper-raman lines in strongly driven two-level atomic system has been investigated .
multi-input images can be recognized simultaneously according to a system output .
its application in human face recognition is studied , and experimental results are given .
the external-cavity semiconductor laser with fiber bragg grating ( fbg ) as its mode selector is an important source with stable and controllable lasing wavelength .
this paper describes the key technologies of its fabrication , mainly on fbg itself , ar coating of the chip , fiber coupling and pachaging .
the primary results of the laser are also given .
formula about the modification for the group velocity dispersion and the fourth order dispersion is presented .
according to the formula , some demands on the quality of the component are given .
a high power , narrow linewidth single frequency laser diode as one of the key elements of integrated optical rotation sensor ( iors ) is studied .
output energy of 7 mj per pulse at 5 hz was observed .
typical numerical calculation results have been given to illustrate the transformation properties of shg beams .
considering the fiber loss , an analytic expression of the cross-phase modulation induced chirp is derived .
evolution of chirp is simulated by computer and chirp as a function of the fiber loss and group-velocity mismatch is analysed .
the results show that the chirp is little affected by the fiber loss and largely affected by the group-velocity mismatch ;
the chirp tend to stable evolved in the fiber .
the problems of temperature rise and thermal stress damage of semiconductors material induced by chemical laser beam are studied by using a numerical and analytical method .
implementation of anamorphic frt using hoe is presented .
a new optical security system is composed based on this hoe and the experiment results are given .
stimulated brillouin scattering ( sbs ) suppression is one of the key technology in optical fiber am-catv externally modulated transmission system .
experimental results show that it 's a useful measuring method for evaluating magneto-optic media in the static test .
both the amplitude and phase optical modulation characteristics of epson liquid crystal television are studied using the optical measures .
the experiment results of the real-time reconstruction of computer-generated hologram and real-time recognition of vanderlugt correlator are also given in the paper .
the hardness and compressive stress of the laser shock processed surface are significantly increased for both of the test materials .
in this paper a new method , that is , studying in vitro hpd two-photon fluorescence of cancer tissue using stimulation of femtosecond laser is reported .
the experiment shows that the method will be an effective method in diagnosing cancer field .
in this paper , the factors influencing the ultimate output power of laser diodes are analyzed .
the gaalas / gaas material with gradient refraction index , separate confinement single quantum well structure has been grown by mbe .
the cw output power of the array diode laser is 10 w. the peak wavelength is 806 ~ 809 nm .
a model of magnetically confined discharge carbon monoxide laser is presented in this paper .
electron energy distribution function and the influence of the magnetic field on electron impact excitation rates are discussed .
the vibrational-state populations of co molecules and small-signal gain with magnetic field are calculated .
the electron impact excitation rates , the vibrational-state populations and the laser small-signal gain increase .
the sensing signal can be demodulated by comparing the shifted and unshifted spectra and the results are in good agreement with the prospected values .
the measured range of the sensing elements can be improved by choosing the gratings with larger reflectivity difference .
in this paper , a new adaptive binarization thresholding method with using the power spectrum of the reference image on optical joint correlator was proposed .
the same analysis can also be used when boundary conditions and laser beam profile are changed .
the experiments verify that this device can detect large particles as well as small particles in liquid media .
a method to measure thermal diffusivity of opaque materials by a laser photothermal radiometry technique is introduced in this paper .
the focal-spot characteristics are measured .
the principle and method to deduce wavefront error due to stray-light fringe pattern ;
calibration of frequency response function for interferometer .
this type of photo-detector may be proved useful for dense wavelength division multiplexing ( dwdm ) applications .
the object-oriented design method is applied in the software and different laser amplifier can be simulated .
erasable optical storage on an organic m-nitrobeznal malononitrile and diamine benzene ( m-nbmn / dab ) complex thin film has been demonstrated .
the graphite-like film was prepared by pulsed laser deposition technique ( pld ) using a krf excimer laser ( = 248 nm ) .
the structure of the film was investigated using x-ray photo-electron spectroscopy ( xps ) and raman spectroscopy , it indicates that graphite structure existes in this film .
in this paper , a improved performance of the cr3 + : lisaf6 laser is reported .
the slope efficiency is increased by 10 % , when using the shotened pulse pump and matching spectrum pump transformed by organic dye .
a novel sinusoidal phase-modulating ( spm ) laser-diode interferometer , which can be used to measure microvibrations with a high accuracy , is reported .
in this paper , the photothermal wavelength modulation of a laser diode is employed in spm interferometer to decrease the measurement errors caused by light-intensity changes .
the computer simulations and experiments verify the usefulness of the interferometer .
after excimer laser surface treatment , an aluminum nitride contained layer with a few microns thick was formed on the surface of al / sic mmc .
the multiple mechanism of excimer laser gas alloying is confirmed to be effective to improve the corrosion resistance of al / sic composite .
it is reported that the sound speed in sea water with different salinity and temperature was measured using brillouin scattering .
the measured results show that the method using brillouin scattering is a good technique for remote sensing to the ocean .
the idea of the thermal interaction caused from the diffusion of heat current is proposed .
the multiple coherent interactions of atoms and oscillatory microwave field play an important role in the potential accuracy of atomic clock .
experimental results showed that p2 + dimmer dominates in all mass spectra of inp . typical mass spectra of al0.3ga0.7as and inp are shown .
when the self-seeding light is injected during turn-on time of gs-dfb laser diode , serious distortion of optical pulses is observed .
a new laser displacement measurement interferometer with nanometric accuracy has been developed .
a new method called coupled differential interferometry is proposed .
the resolution and the stability of the interferometer are improved by multiplicating the optical path difference ( opd ) .
in this paper , the phase continue scan is combined with the sinusoidal phase modulation to determine the vibration amplitude of object by time-average espi .
the polarization-encoding-based rank-order hmt , which yields better performance in the presence of noise and clutter , can be carried out by the using variable levels .
experimental results are also given .
six pentamethylidene ir dyes with a peak absorption wavelength at 1.06 m ( including two asymmetric dyes ) were synthesized for a mode-locking laser .
the concentration quenching of yb3 + to upconvertion fluorescence is also observed .
the experimental results are discussed .
by using er3 + -doped fiber , a single-mode fiber laser based on fiber bragg grating was developed .
when it was pumped by 980 nm laser-diode , the output spectral bandwidth was measured as 0.1 nm at 1.56 m.
the max . output power was measured as 1.73 mw .
the power stability is better than 0.02 db , and the stability of output wavelength is better than 0.05 db .
the laser had a threshold of 7 mw and a slope efficiency of 3 % .
the miniature solid state yvo4 / ktp green laser with high performance has been developed .
the beam point stability is smaller than 0.01mrad per hour and 0.03mrad for 24 hours .
the spectrum of 2s-2p resonance transition of lithium , recorded by the method , even some hyperfine structure was clearly resolved .
the gains for the three 4d 4p lasing transitions in ni-like ta collisional excitation x-ray lasers are studied in this paper .
an anti-counterfeiting means using phase-only cgh is presented in this paper .
a speckle metrology technique called dynamic white-light digital speckle photography is proposed , and an automatic measurement system of dynamic displacement or strain field is developed .
the wavelength conversion of 2.5 gbit / s non return-to-zero optical pulse based on cross-gain modulation in semiconductor optical amplifier is demonstrated .
the separation for up-convertion is larger than 10 nm , and down-conversion is larger than 20 nm .
the relationship between the receiver power and bit error rate is shown .
co-propagation wavelength conversion is used in this experiment . the signal wavelength is fixed , the probe optical signal is extra-cavity laser with the tunable wavelength .
the thermal refractive index coefficients of the nb : ktp crystal at the wavelength range between 539.75 nm and 1079.5 nm are calculated .
the calculated values agree with the measured values well .
the nlo characters of new nonlinear crystal-cslib6o10 ( clbo ) are introduced .
the factors which have an effect on conversion efficiency were discussed .
the conceptual architecture for 21st century enterprise are described , and the strategy , disciplines and approaches to zero time enterprise are also indicated .
in the end , several issues are pointed out , which should be paid attention to when approaching to zero time enterprise .
with the advances in innovative information and management tools , the core of manufacturing has shifted from the physical production of goods to the systematic processing of knowledge .
the successful launching of the digital factory relies not only on technological issues but also a fundamental change in the operation model of modern business .
the future competitiveness of the manufacturing business depends on a close matching of the physical factory and the digital factory .
the influence of knowledge-based economics on manufacturing industry and trends of its globalization are discussed .
history and state -of-the-art of manufacturing mode , from mass production to lean production an d forward to agile manufacturing have been reviewed .
the next generation manufacturing project include its strategy and imperatives in unite states are introduced . the challenges of chinese manufacturing enterprise faced in next decade are considered .
with the development of network technology , information becomes not only the crucial dominate factor of manufacturing but also the active driving factor of manufacturing .
then , the main tasks in the coming years are given .
the investigations on green manufacturing are increasing very quickly during recent years .
symbiosis among manufacturing enterprises is analyzed with its new patterns and new characteristics in the era of post-ford .
product development is the creative phase in product realization .
with progresses made in information technology , contents and influences of product development are continually broadening .
this paper focused on new concepts of product development in information age and lifecycle-oriented product development theories and methods .
it also introduced applications and developments of the virtual product development technology .
without question , the virtual product development technology will be a powerful tool to support creative thoughts of engineers in 21 -st century .
product innovation has been become the most active fact or for industrial innovation .
product innovation is viewed as an enterprise behaviour which includes the whole process cycle starting from marketplace and ended at marketplace .
this paper systematically discusses the essential conception , theory and technology for product design .
the method of huston on multibody system dynamics and its development were introduced .
the applications and achievements in the field of mechanical engineering were emphasized .
firstly , industrial robot was analyze d in the time and frequency domain .
secondly , total error models for an nc machine tool , were developed , the error parameters were identified and the software error compensation was accomplished .
then , the vibration control of flexible manipulator was realized .
finally , the dynamics of flexible body with large overall motion , which can be used in aerospacecraft , was analyzed .
the multibody system dynamics for rigid body as well as flexible body was developed through author 's practice .
bio-manufacturing engineering is a forthcoming revolution in manufacturing science of the 21st century .
starting from different perspective , this paper analyses the background of bio-manufacturing engineering and summarizes various research directions in this field .
history and mission of transactions of cmes , china mechanical engineering , is reviewed ;
the great progresses of the transactions established in 1990 are emphasised ;
the achievements in the field of higher education reform are introduced especially , the reforming and developing of higher engineering education in chinese universities and colleges are emphasised .
many decision problems may be met within total process of production life cyc l e.
developing advanced manufacturing equipments and improving capability and utility of available manufacturing equipments , are one of the effective measures for improving the benefit of manufacturing enterprices .
consisting parts and interface issues of manufacturing equipments are probed from the angle of reconfiguration .
similarities and differences between machining center and robot are discussed .
requirments for force fit insertion assembly operation are explained .
building of the two prototypes are introduced and some experimental results are given .
this paper gives a outlook of the development and application of robot technology , and also describes the current situation and possible development of robot technology in china .
ultra-precision manufacturing is as an important branch of modern manufacturing technology , as being the essential basic for compact design and increasing functions of large system .
for several decades , ultra-prec ision manufacturing technology has qualitative changes not only in aspect of accuracy but also of method .
forgings were usually manufactured by a sole of process .
t his means that as long as increase in size and precision , larger tonnage of forming equipment , very expensive and high precision dies would be required .
for working under extremely high of contacting stress , long service life of dies would be shortened . therefore , the manufacturing cost was by no means low .
manufacturing technology for spindle unit and for infeed unit of high speed and precision ;
manufacturing and new technology of grinding wheel ;
manufacturing technology supporting and auxiliary unit for machine tool ; on line dressing technology for grinding wheel ;
grinding technology related to friendly circumstance ;
detecting , control , simulation and virtual technology for grinding processes .
at the same time , some basic researches are explored based on the frontier of computer and simulation techniques in the paper .
the adaptive mesh technique and parallel computing technique have great potential and wide application among the above researches .
non-traditional machining is a supplement and extension of existing traditional machining , and the necessary research content in the manufacturing field .
their developments are tightly combined with material , control and microelectronics technologies and based on the existing non-traditional machining technologies .
finally , the intelligent diagnostics and long distance diagnosis are also mentioned .
3-d coordinate measuring machines have wide applications in advanced manufacturing technology and in scientific researches .
flexible manufacturing and production automation etc ..
automobile in the future will be more comfortable and friendly to the environment .
in principle , modern design is started from market needs , i.
the contents of market needs are investigated into and the elements of competitive power are compared and discussed .
work have been done and ought to be done are introduced and discussed .
the relationship between the remanufacturing and the advanced manufacturing is discussed in this paper . the research direction of the remanufacturing technology is elaborated also .
the research on whole-life initiative reliability design of structural components is proposed in the paper .
it will transfer the traditional final product reliability evaluation into scheduled life initiative reliability design .
materials and their fabrication have become one of mainstay and driving force of mankind progress .
since the first robot of the world was born in the beg inning of the sixth decade of 20-th century , the robotic technique has been developed rapidly .
the progresses of robotic techniques will exert a tremendous influence upon the development of science and technology .
however , materials processing industry of china has a big gap in comparison with that of the developed countries .
the principle and profiles of electromagnetic shaping of molten metal are discussed and new process of dual-frequency electromagnetic shaping is presented .
using the new process , meniscus cross section sample is shaped without contacting with the mold .
at last , the advantages and difficulties of electromagnetic shaping process of molten metal for near-net shape are proposed .
a brief historical introduction of researches on friction , wear and lubrication is presented .
the system is a multiple task , multiple attribute , multiple object information processing system with uncertainty , which combines qualitative and quantitative knowledge .
the technique which combine the feature compression , time-space decision fusion and multiple network cooperative inference , is used to improve the inference efficiency in the monitoring .
the hierarchical diagnostic strategies , the convention diagnosis and the combinations of experts , are employed to meet different diagnostic requirements .
in the end , the architecture of integration of ncp / c nc system based on ncfu is studied .
in this paper , coating/ substrate bonding strength is evaluated by spherical rolling contact fatigue method .
this paper presents a brief introduction to the newly developed magneto adsorptive wall-climbing robot for cleaning and inspecting wall tube of boilers in thermal power station .
bearing properties are analyzed by making of theory that oil film is divided into layers under the condition of thin film , and compared with testing results .
slicing measurement methods can acquire the shape data of both exterior and interior surfaces and regions of an object , which have great practical value for reverse engineering .
finally , an icnc based on ipc-windows developed by authors is presented .
the simulation results are in good agreement with the experimental ones .
a method based on bispectral analysis is introduced for machinery fault diagnosis .
a brief review of bispectrum is presented , while most emphasis is placed on the ability of bispectrum to suppress noise and extract diagnostic information from fault signals .
enligthened by a children game , this paper constructed an optimal layout fitting algorithm for irregular shape pieces on a sheet .
some examples by the algorithm are computed and satisfied results are obtained .
in order to study on welding arc ultraviolet spectrum information , a computerized sampling and processing system has been developed .
experimental verification shows that the model prediction agrees well with the practice .
the model provides a useful theoretical tool for analysing the resistance spot welding process for dissimilar metals .
this paper presents a new way to control the effect s of vibration on ultraprecision machined surface quality by means of optimum cutting parameters .
a numerical analysis of major technologies of divided-area parallel process is presented .
it is a successful production of high-efficiency using the lom process .
this paper describes a methodology for analyzing the natural frequencies , mode shapes and damping values of linkage mechanisms fabricated from three-dimensional braided composite .
a new style of contour-parallel tool path , which is called uneven offset tool path , for free-form pockets machining is developed in this paper .
finally , comments on standardization and further studying the functional meaning of 3d parameters are given .
this paper describes a cnc system for cam shaft grinding machine .
the paper introduces the technique characteristics of the system and the design of the digital regulators .
by reforming a cam shaft grinding machine model m8312 into a cnc grinding machine , the practice shows that the cnc system is of cost-effective .
a new type of axial stirrer with good axial-flow property and low-energy consuming property is studied .
the manufacturing approaches and the application of the axial-flow stirrer are also discussed .
good erosive-resistant materials cr3c2 / nicr , which is very hard and tougher , are quite ideal ;
while x40 , which is not too hard but very tough , has very good erosive-resistance .
in order to work reliable and to control the clamping force , shape memory actuator and entire design have need adopted .
this paper is focusing on the theoretical analysis of transmission and clamping force . numerical calculation and experimental results are also described in this paper .
the new model can be effectively used to analyse the influence of the form of three-dimensional chip-breaker on the chip curls .
the new mathematical model has been verified by the experiments .
the contents and steps about standardization and regularization of product are studied in this paper .
the function-behavior-state ( fbs ) model is also used in the function decomposition in the mentioned model .
a mathematical model has been given , and it is realized by using neural network and genetic algorithm .
at last , an example is given and the results are analyzed .
in this paper , it is presented to detect abrupt information in the signal using singular value decomposition about track matrix of attractor reconstructed by time series .
a practical technique is applied to the feature fault diagnostic for the electro-hydraulic servo-system . the fault feature of the eletro-hydraulic servo-system is recognized by multi-rule criterion .
automobile 's reliability is estimated by using the failure information during quality warranty period in this paper .
compared with the reliability testing , this method adopts more statistic samples which are collected under real operating conditions , and can save a large part of cost .
we offer the method of avoiding interfer , and give the equation of movement control based on cnc .
a through study for the mechanism of the involute gear lapping with dynamic force was made in theory and test .
in this paper , a method based on stereovision for measuring the pose of multi-degree freedom mechanisms is put forward .
experimental results show that the method can achieve pose measurements with higher precision .
this paper reviews several new hard coating materials with application potentials to cutting tools and the applications of multi-constituent , composite superhard multi-layers .
and some novel techniques based on the principle of plasma arc welding are introduced .
recent progresses toward solving these problems have also been introduced .
finally , an example of dynamics simulation for a flexible multibody system with closed loops is used to verify the feasibility of the formulation and method .
in this paper , the substructure method and forward recursive formulation are used to study the impact with multiple contact points of flexible multibody system with closed loops .
the constraint addition-deletion technique is proposed .
application of the method is illustrated for the impact of satellite 's plates . time histories of impact forces of multiple contact points are presented .
the bnps model for combined tire cornering and braking forces is used in the simulation .
the numerical results for directional responses of the system are checked against measured responses in field tests and the cstt ( center for surface transportation technology ) model .
a comparison of the results for the yaw-roll-pitch model and a yaw model is also carried out .
the error software compensation experiments were carried out in makino machining center , and the parameters were verified in cmm .
experimental results show that the modeling method is generalized , the compensation method is powerful , efficient and the error compensation results are apparent .
two kinds of finite-dimensional equation about the flexible beam have been established by use of the unconstrainted modes of vibration and the constrainted modes of vibration respectively .
the application of the technique is confirmed by the geometric errors modeling for an on-line inspecting errors of three-axis machining center .
experiments are completed to show the accuracy and the effectiveness of this control method .
dynamic modeling method of complex spacecraft with flexible rectangular plates is obtained according to kane 's equations .
the method is based upon three hypotheses . "
the numerical simulation results provide theoretical fundamentals for the design of spacecraft .
the modeling method in this paper may be naturally extended to the other flexible multi-body systems .
in this paper , the model reference adaptive control of the end position of a single-link flexible arm was studied .
the software can be expected to be well used for solving the problems of static characteristics of almost all hydraulic components and systems .
in this paper , a theoretical formulation used in analyzing the principle errors is established through geometry calculation from the basic principle of layered manufacturing .
this error estimation model can be applied in all different processes of rp .
then the forming accuracy rules of several different polymers are under investigation by real building experiments .
the research results indicate that the theoretical analysis has a good mat with the experimental results .
the results tested on line show that all calculation method and computer program used are correct and practical .
a new method for pid parameter regulation which is based on the orthogonal experimental design is discussed in this paper .
in this paper , a new rhombus thought method to imitate human creativity activity is proposed .
this method tries to solve the bottle neck problem in intelligent cad based on the extension theory .
theoretical and experimental results demonstrated the method is much more accurate , objective and efficient than the traditional one .
the soil sliding resistance of the two fur surfaces with oil-film and flexibility are tested , and compared with those of conventional surface ( rabbit fur ) .
the digital description to design process is one of key technologies for design automation .
the basic design functions have been described in bsf normalization form ( bnf ) which contains detuction , calculation , query , evaluation and post-process simulation .
in this paper , the author discusses robot-ultrasonic vibration polishing with elastic tool based on force feedback , establishes the mechanics model of robot polishing .
a scheme of robot force controller based on external ring is adopted in this paper .
the laws that relate many kinds of polishing conditions to polishing results are obtained .
in this paper , some beneficial exploration is done for the new methods of polishing automatically .
by the analysis of microdrill flute machining , one of cad method is proposed .
the flute cad system of micro-drill has been developed.with this system , the flute profile of micro-drill can be obtained converiently under the conditions of tool cross section .
the modeling for a kind giant magnetostrictive actuator applied with the giant magnetostrictive material homemade is discussed in this paper .
gaussian decomposition is introduced to analyze the raman spectra of hydrogen-free diamond-like carbon film prepared by means of vacuum arc deposition .
the diagrams of bifurcation , time course , frequency spectrum , phase and poincare map diagrams with some typical system parameters are numerically created .
green supply chain is a new concept presented in recent years . it 's a sustained development mode of modern manufacturing .
the contents of this method , such as structure , components , form of description and so on , are discussed in detail in this paper .
there are so many qualitative factors in the enforcement of cims application engineering and tremendous risks may be brought in project investments .
the main problems of the net-based manufacturing are also analysed and the solutions to these problems are proposedalso .
the authors introduce mainly the design idea , total construction of the system and the function and characteristics of constituent parts is this paper .
the model covers the decision-making procedure of administration operation in factory ' management .
the application shows that the method is conrenient for use and the integration of cad / capp is implemented .
the experimental results show that this model improves the ability to diagnose multi-fault ( several faults occur concurrently ) and gives more information in the diagnosis conclusion .
the structure of the model , the definition of the member function , the inference process of the model and experimental results are discussed in detail .
generating the forming surface of elements group is one of very important problems in multi-points forming .
numerical calculation to regular curved surface shows that the results obtained by presented method is very precise .
this paper not only gives the princirles of this method , but also shows the procedures and the results of bench experiments .
harmonic drive is a type of gear mechanism that is very popular for driving in robots .
the test results show that this method is applicable .
the residual stresses of ceramics wheel are higher than diamond wheel .
sensibility of ceramics residual stresses after grinding on grinding materials is higher than grinding condition .
an analysis and a numerical solution to predict the dynamic performance of multirecess hybrid-operating oil journal bearings are presented .
the effect of rotor flexibility on self-excited whirl is discussed , and a method is given to determine the stability threshold of a rotor-hybrid bearing ' system .
the hardness and wear resistance of 0cr18ni9 steel chromized at several temperatures in molten salts have been investigated .
in this paper , three key technologies of 3d fabrication of micro systems , manufacturing of spatial motion mechanisms , and micro manipulation , are reviewed .
four methods such as manipulating micro objects in fluid , micro injection , manipulation in narrow space , and micro manipulation of worktable-robot systems are put forward .
finally , key research problem groups of micro systems are presented .
some field experiments have also been carried out to demonstrate the validity of the model .
the nitrogen leaching is related with the drainage conditions in fields . with the increase of drainage strength , the nitrogen leaching loss also increases .
therefore , it is necessary to control the water level properly .
in this paper , the conversion ratio of caco3 formation reaction in the ash slurry pond in coal-fired power plant was studied .
the predicted result is in accordance with the test data on site .
an instructive role in the standardization of the slurry pond and the scale prevention design of the ash handling system will be played .
in this paper , the toxic effect of aniline on scylla serrata is reported .
when radionuclides migrate in porous medium with water serving as carrier , the mechanism of sorption and desorption is not negligible .
it implies that so2 , which needs not to be metabolited in vivo , is a direct clastogenetic and genotoxic agent .
the result shows that the established biokinetic model can be used to predict the blood selenium levels of residents in a region .
the predictive risk degree ( 19.8 % ) is also similar with the measured condition of keshan disease occurrence ( 16.4 % ) of residents in jilin province .
the advance of ecological risk assessment model of selenium offers a good demonstrative example for the study of predictive model on other trace elements in human body .
the degradation mechanism was discussed preliminarily .
the partition behavior was determined for four polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( pahs ) , such as naphthalene , phenanthrene , anthracene and acenaphthylene , between water and organobentonites .
but on the whole , pahs levels in the yangtse river ( nanjing section ) were much higher than in the liaohe river ( xinmin section ) .
a 2-d grid model is used to study the effect of biogenic hydrocarbon to photochemical pollution in guangzhou .
the results have shown that the reduction of hydrocarbon compounds ( hc ) emitted from natural sources will bring directly the decrease of ozone concentration .
the technology of catalysis was investigated experimentally under the condition of pulse discharge .
it is important theoretically and practically for china to present a provincial-level ecological environmental quality assessment index system .
these results indicate that the mutagenesis by sunlight is relative with oxidative damage of dna and hydroxyl free radicals are involved in it .
however , the concentrations of pcocs in sediments varied with high fluctuation at different sampling points , indicating that the deposition of suspended solids was not well-distributed .
the aerobic treatment of high salinity and refractory esterification wastewater from saccharin production was studied .
the results indicated that bio-contact oxidation process could reach better effects for the treatment .
in this paper , the bacterial kinds and quantity of sea water and intertidal organism influenced by discharge of polluted waste water in zhoushan port were studied .
show that soluble inorganic hg is the most available form for plant .
the reaction time determines the advance degree of both functions .
the results reveal that the sediments have been contaminated to a certain extent . samples from guangzhou channel and macao harbor have been heavily contaminated .
the removal kinetic behavior could be described by the shrinking core model .
the activation energies of surface reaction and solid diffusion were determined as 58.8kj / mol and 105.73kj/mol , respectively .
the results show that there exists bio-cooperation degradation between bacillus subilis and ochrobactrum anthropi .
furthermore , the degradation rate by combination of three bacteria is much higher than by individual effect or combination of two bacteria .
nitrite accumulation during nitrification in biofilm in down-flow biological fluidized bed reactor was studied .
the results showed that at the beginning of operation after inoculation , there was nitrite accumulation , but ammonia-n removal rate was still up to 97 % .
with nitrobacteria acclimating and proliferating , nitrifying product was mainly nitrate .
when ammonia-n concentration in influent was up to more than 200mg / l , nitrite accumulated again .
reducing do concentration in the reactor to 0.5 ~ 1mg / l also resulted in ammonia-n removal rate declining and nitrite accumulation .
factors affecting nitrite accumulation were also analyzed in the paper .
the results showed that the immobilized denitrifying bacteria enabled denitrification to occur under aerobic conditions .
the ion concentration in the rainfall in different broad-leaved forest is different .
the rainfall in coniferous forest trends toward further acidified .
82 species of phytoplankton as well as 56 species of rotifera , 19 species of copepoda , 19 species of cladocera were identified .
planktonic species composition , dominant species and seasonal change varied in different lakelets .
the wastewater from glutamate industry was treated by immobilized rhodospirillum in a rotating bio-disc reactor .
the results showed that the cod removing capacity under aerobic condition was higher than that under anaerobic condition .
high concentration of substrate resulted easily in an anaerobic fermentation when the aeration system was not provided .
the optimal rotating velocity of bio-disc was 80r/min .
when the linear rate of the outer circle of the disc was higher than 0.52m / sec , the immobilized bio-film on the disc was washed-off seriously .
the mass transfer process was disappeared when the flow flux of recirculation gas was more than 310ml/min .
the oxidative degradation of the omethoate ( organic phosphate pesticide ) in supercritical water ( scw ) is studied in this paper .
the results show that omethoate wastewater can be degradated effectively by supercritical water oxidation ( scwo ) .
the cod removal rate increases with the increase of temperature , pressure and residence time of the reaction .
the modified comet assay was used to detect directly the v79 cell dna damage induced by several kinds of industrial wastewater .
the results also revealed that the modified was taken comet assay has a broad prospect for evaluating the genotoxicity of industrial wastewater comprehensively .
the flavobacterium sp . bx26 which could efficiently decolor bromamine acid was screened from the polluted soil .
the results show that the decolorization of bromamine acid is catalyzed by decolorizing enzyme which is an inducible extracellular one .
enough source of nitrogen and sulfur is needed for the induction and production of the enzyme but carbon source is n't necessary .
it is fundamental for scientific management of nature reserve to divide the reserve into core area , buffer area and experimental area .
foping national nature reserve is zoned as a cose study .
the contents , overall , tend gradually to decrease monthly since the peak of winter-spring season .
the distribution of heavy metals in the water was effected by dilution , ions exchange , adsorption and agglomeration .
this result may provide a new thinking to improve the influence of noise .
the results show that the vegetable yields enhance with n fertilizer used increase , but their growth will be inhibited with too much n fertilizer used .
different to this , nitrate-n contents in the vegetables enhance continuously with the increase of n fertilizer used , and remarkable positive correlation exists between them .
further analysis indicates that the nitrate-n absorption , accumulation and reductive transform are the major structural parts of n-metabolism in vegetables of dryland farming .
with increase of n-fertilizer used , the accumulation of nitrate-n in vegetables also increases , and this promoting absorption of water .
indicated that rees release increased gradually with the decrease of ph value or eh , and the influence of redox potential once was more remarkable than on la .
therefore , this effect decreased with the time .
chlorsulfuron was found to have much greater effect on these soil biological indicators than metsulfuron-methyl and bensulfuron-methyl .
the macro mechanism of occurrence and development of low eddy cyclone and northeast low eddy cyclone dust storms was analyzed in detail .
show that the soil solution contains different aluminum species mainly organic al , also4 + , alf2 + , al ( oh ) 2 + and al3 + .
the concentration of activated aluminum ( al3 + and al ( oh ) 2 + ) in the soil solution is lower in this studied area .
the results showed that the degradation of monosultap in soil was relatively slow without ly-4 ;
but it could be greatly sped up with the inoculation of ly-4 .
the strain ly-4 could exist for a certain time and maintained it 's degrading ability in soil .
the experiments also demonstrated that the strain was less dependent on nutrition of carbon and nitrogen and has relatively strong adaptability in soil .
oxidization-reduction status is one of the important factors affecting denitrification in soil .
the results indicate that the denitrification of nitrate-n can take place under reduction and oxidation conditions .
influence of pesticide imidacloprid and its metabolites on catalase activity in soils was investigated .
the results showed that activity of catalase was influenced by concentration of imidacloprid , with the stronger influence observed at higher concentration .
applied in environmental regulation , information approach is changing the traditional environmental regulatory model .
the promising approach that is called public disclosure of environmental performance rating for industrial firms ( pdeprif ) is now growing in developing countries .
the results show that sophora japonica is a superior antipollution tree which has strong absorption and accumulation of lead in the polluted air .
this model can be employed in both design and calculation for fluidized bed photocatalytic reactor , and relative error is less than 0.15 % .
the microcystin was obtained by centrifugation filtration and c18 purification column extration .
hplc method was used to purify the microcystin .
in the uv spectrum analysis , the microcystin showed a peak of absorbance at 238 nm .
it indicated that major component of microcystin from m. aeruginosa ccap 1450 / 4 was microcystin lr .
an efficient , simple and reliable total system for m. aeruginosa cell artificial culture and microcystin lr extraction purification was explored .
guizhou is one of the provinces in china where karst landforms are very developed and it belongs to the typical region with eco-environmental fragility .
the regeneration time decreases slower and approaches a constant when the temperature exceeds 50c or the air flow rate exceeds 1.650l / min respectively ;
these studies offer basic data for the design and operation of wet fgd industrial set-up .
the influence of electric discharge on the adsorption , desorption and degradation of carbon tetrachloride ( ccl4 ) in a packed discharge reactors was investigated .
when the applied voltage was higher , the velocity adsorption-desorption was quicker and the degradation efficiency of ccl4 was higher .
the discharge can play the role of desorption-regeneration with rapid desorption velocity , simple technique and low energy consumption ; so it has better prospect of usage .
this is the first report about styela canopus .
it suggested that taurine had played an important role in preventing the forming and development of neurosis related to epilepsy .
these findings suggested that the phycocyanin could inhibit the growth of hl-60 cells by the potential pathways other than g0-g1 arrested or the expression change of bcl-2 protein .
through the determination of mice 'mtd and experiment on chronic toxicity on white rats , the oral administration safety of chitosan is studied .
mtd is the maximum dose ( ig ) during 24 hours and the maximum injection dose ( ip ) at one time stand for mice 's mtd .
rats are divided into 3 groups , each respectively with the dose of 20,10,5times as clinical dose , observing the chronic toxicity .
after gross anatomy and pathological examination , there are no differences between the contract group and experiment group .
with no obvious toxic and side effect after long-term oral administration , chitosan can be used safely .
to explore the effects of - carotene from dunaliella salina on eryhtrocyte 's adhesion to turnor cells .
the anti-tumor action of -carotene was related to activating the erythrocyte immune function .
. in this experiment , elisa was performed to measure the rats ' plasmic txb2 , 6-k-pgf1 , pge2 of each group .
this article discusses an experiment on shark cartilago capsule , the result showed shark cartilago can control cavy h22 hepatoma and s180 sarcoma .
cells of porphyridium cruentum were rich in polyunsaturated fatty acides . the sum of aa and epa was up to 46.6 % of total fatty acids .
the fatty acids composition of p. cruentum in different growth time was not the same .
light could influence not only the lipids content of the cell but also its fatty acids composition .
pgms could directly counteract the erythrocyte membrane lipid peroxidative injury caused by free radicals , protect sp and improve ed .
shark chondric powder can obviously increase nk activity of bearing-tumor mice and m endocytosis .
the artifical lachrymal eye drops was prepared and the squid chitosan are considered to be useful medical materials .
the immunologic function and bioactivity of extract from fugu ovary has been studied .
the results show that extract from fugu ovary has different effects on different linkage of the immunologic system .
and in a certain dosage , for solid form of sarcoma s180 of mice , its ' inhibiting rate is 45.0 % .
in this experiment we have extracted six kinds of marine organisms extracts on the rabbit s internal and external clot effectiveness and fibrinolysing system .
this experment proved information about drugs invigorating the circulation of blood and dissolving blood clots .
in order to investment the value of proplylene glucol mannurate sulfate ( pgms ) in the treatment of congestive heart failure ( chf ) .
40 patients with chf were divided into 2 groups randomly .
with raji cells being target cell , lak cell activity was determined by 3h-tdr release assay .
lak cell activity was lower in patients with leukemia than in normal individuals .
spp is able to stimulate lak cell activity and to decrease ril-2 quantity in lak cell activation .
in addition , we concluded from the results that the anti-fatigue effects of syngnthus acus are the best .
l-1and 2.5g .
asterosaponin 's melting point ranged from 242c to 255c .
the results showed that d-mannuronicate 5,25,50mg .
the inhibitory effects of 916 on atherogenesis in the hypercholesterolemic new zealand white rabbits were studied in this paper .
rabbits were treated with 916 at doses of 4,20 and 40mg.kg-1 for eleven weeks , respectively , simultaneously fed with hypercholesterolemic diets .
and also 916 prevented lipid from being oxidized , characterized by a reduction in mda content .
furthermore , 916 decreased the formation of atherosclerotic plaques , subsequently inhibiting the development of atherosclerosis .
these findings suggested that antiatherogenetic activity exerted by 916 was supposed to contribute to its lipid-modulating and antioxidizing effects .
the effects of glycol mannate sulfate ( gms ) on platelet aggregation , adhesion and bleeding time were observed .
gms dosages of 40,80 mg.kg-1 could significantly prolong the tail bleeding time of mice .
the results suggest that gms has antiplatelet effect .
the hypoglycemic effect of sfp , extracted from sargassum fusiforme ( harv . ) setchess , were investigated .
the results showed that sfp had no obvious effect on blood glucose of normal mice .
the effects of chitosan on reduce the plasma lipid levels were definite without damaging liver function .
determination of intrinsic viscosity with suspended level viscometer , and then calculation of average molecular weight ;
determination of kinetic viscosity with rotating viscometer ;
determination of g/m value with tlc .
content of sodium alginate a and b were 95.6 2.5 % and 99.3 2.4 % ( n = 3 ) respectively ;
mw were 2.19 105 and 3.43 105 ;
kinetic viscosity were 35 0.7 and 103 12 ( n = 4 ) ;
g/m value were 0.2 and 1.0 .
one known compound c34h65no3 has been isolated from the soft coral lobophytum sp.collected from south china sea .
this finding confirmed of 911 a potent hiv-1 inhibitor with low toxicity .
an optimum design model for offshore jacket platform is established by using the weight as single object function .
the physical and geometrical characteristics of the ice ridges are analyzed and discussed by using the information get from the field observation on bohai sea .
a mechanical model is established to calculate the height of ice ridge sail by considering the flexural failure and buckling failure in t he process of ridge forming .
on these bases , the ice ridge design parameters in different return period for different area in bohai sea are then calculated .
the itemo for attention are pointed out ao well .
in order to simplifying the calculation , a simple and practical method is put forward in this paper .
experiment shows that the proposed system has a good self-adaptability and self-studying ability , it also certifies the correctness and practicability of this scheme ..
having the shorttime inertial navigation function is the main development trend of modern stabilized gyrocompass .
this paper discusses these connections and differences from eight aspects .
the difference of northfinding principle among these three systems is considered to be the most important one .
it is firstly put forward that the angle vibration of platform under vibration situation is the main factor causing gyro drift and acceleration bias .
the ins vibration experiments indicate that the theoretical analysis is right and the improving measure is effective .
this paper will introdce the system constitution scheme and key techniques as well as flight test results .
( 2 ) the bulk acoustooptic frequency shifter ( aofs ) with direct digital synthesis ( dds ) electronics ;
( 3 ) the experimental setup of resonator iors ( r-iors ) using the fiber as the fiber analog of waveguide sagnac sensing ring ( ssr ) ;
( 4 ) the experimental setup of interferometer iors ( i-iors ) using the fiber reentrant ssr .
an allfiber delayed selfheterodyne system for measuring the linewidth of fbgld is established by using the aofs .
as shown by the preliminary experimental results , both the proposed riors and the i-iors could be developed as new products .
in this paper the problem of calibrating the gyro static drift parameters of inertial measurement unit ( imu ) is studied .
theoretical analysis shows that these methods are effective in separating gyro static drift parameters from strapdown system .
a vibrating wheel micromechanical gyroscope is presented in this paper . such a gyroscope has two vibrating modes : excitation mode and detection mode .
a new feedback control method for gyroscopic sensitivity evaluation on the vibrating wheel gyroscope is present in this paper .
so the initial drift must be compensated before the gyro can be applied to the measuring of the attitude .
through experiment the conclusion in the theory research is proved .
high speed and high accuracy coning algorithm plays a key role in strapdown inertial navigation system ( sins ) .
in this paper , a furthur research on coning algorithm is made using the new approach proposed by chan gook park .
based on the monitor-measuring loop of error autocompensation ins , a robust adaptive filter is developed in this paper .
this paper studies emphatically on the application of adaptive filtering algorithm in ins/gps/cns integrated navigation system .
to gain good performance and vergence , an adaptive filtering technique is proposed and applied to the integrated navigation system .
in some attitude determining systems , the angular rates of gyros are used as their out-puts .
both theory derivation and the followed simulation show that quaternion algorithm is relatively effective when only angular rate signal is given .
the computer simulation for this algorithm is taken and the result is shown in the end .
when fusing several outputs of similar sensors , we often use the weighted mean method . the weight has great influence on the fusing result .
the results show that the shock resistance of the prototype is higher than the cited criterion and it can bear the shock of 10000g .
by making a comparison between these two instrumentations and analysing , some more reasonable designs for the measurements have been given .
in the end , the simulations are made which show that it is an effective and practicable approach .
friction interference problem always exists in the design of inertial navigation test device .
the result shows that this method can improve the lowspeed performance of dc motor .
by this method , the tfdes has been constructed for diagnosising the faut of threeaxis turntables , and the effect is well .
the simulation results demonstrate that this control law achieves good performance in test tables .
error calibration and compensation is an important means for increasing the practical precision of inertial systems .
but there existed a contradiction between perfection and rapidity to solve .
the scheme achieved a reasonable compromise between perfection and rapidity , and acquired a good result .
in fact , it is a very good method worthy of recommending to deal with the realtime data of the swaying ships .
based on the gravity gradient measurement principle of rotating accelerometer gravity gradiometer , an online method of accelerometers ' scale factor adjusting is proposed in this paper .
the simulation results show that the data processing method can achieve the expected accuracy .
the coning effect is caused by the motion of the rigid body axis .
the coning error is a geometric effect and an impotrant error source of strapdown inertial systems .
this conclusion is helpful for improving the algorithm of the gyroscopefree strapdown inertial navigation system and choosing the calculation period .
the approach is welcome in the air force units because of its simplicity , practicability and no need of any special facility .
the thought of the approach can offer a valuable reference to the domestic people engaged in researching and manufacturing inertial navigation system .
design of zerovelocity update kalman filter for inertial positioning system applied in land vehicle is discussed .
there are many references about this issue which have been published since eighty decade early of twenty century .
firstly , the extend error state model of the land inertial system is derived .
secondly , the observation vector is constituted with zerovelocity errors of three adjacent points .
thirdly , discrete linear kalman filter is designed based on the state equations and observation vector mentioned above .
especially , specific accomplishment of estimate means of initial states and its covariance matrix is presented .
finally , the resultant curves of vehicle tests in beijing suburb are given .
the applied system in vehicle tests is a refit aviation inertial navigation system with position accuracy of 3.7 km/h .
this paper introduces a new method of caculating baseline using carrier phase dgps and then caculating the attitude of the vehicle based on this baseline .
the highlight of this paper is to introduce an approach of solving the carrier phase ambiguity under this application backdrop .
in this paper , a tunnelingbased micromachined angular rate sensor is put forward and designed . a brief comparison between tunnelingbased and capacitive sensors has been made .
the paper presents that tunnelingbased microsensors can potentially provide a higher sensitivity using a simpler readout electronics for smaller device area than capacitive ones .
it 's important to improve the performance of weapon for compensating the errors of inertial sensors . identification of error model is the key to compensating errors .
in this paper , the performance of the gyroscope 's fault signal of the inertial navigation system ( ins ) has been researched .
finally we found out that the eigenvalue can be used to estimate the gyroscope 's performance .
the identification result of the gyro misalignment angle in inertial platform is unsatisfactory for the static multiposition test scheme .
urbanization is an essential demand of china 's economic development .
the actual example in the article indiccates the practicability of the scheme .
e-commerce has been making great influences over global economy .
the application of var to stock investment in china is illustrated with an example .
at the end of this paper , we present the condition that principle would like to observe the state of nature .
but most of problems on the flood disaster predication belong to the ill-structured problem .
in this paper , the neural network model for flood disaster predication is formulated . its principle is described , and then illustrated with an example .
bone density ometry in patients requires reasonable selection of measurement method and accurate interpretation of results .
to study the cancellous bone structure of femoral head of elderly patients with hip fracture .
fourty-nine fresh femoral heads were taken from elderly ( n = 26 ) and young ( n = 23 ) groups .
to evaluate the relationship between the urinary excretion of pyridinoline ( pyd ) and longitudinal changes of forearm bone mineral density in the elderly .
for comparison , the urine pyd from 80 healthy young people aged 30 to 40 years was examined at the same time .
but there was no significant difference between the subjects with and without osteoporosis except one scanning region ( 5 mm region in female ) .
the forearm bmd was negatively correlated with urine pyd ( r = -0.345 to -0.393 , p < 0.05 ) .
at several scanning regions , the pyd data from male and female showed different correlation with the decrease of bmd in two years .
to study diagnostic value of urine deoxypyridinoline to gestational low bone mass .
follow-up investigation showed that the urine deoxypyridinoline during lactation maintained considerably higher level ( 5.83 2.14 nmol / mmol cr , p < 0.01 ) .
urine deoxypyridinoline is a convenient biochemical marker sensitive in predicting the increase of bone resorption in women during their gestation and lactation .
the bmd decreased with aging but increased in the 80 year old group . the bmd of males was higher than that of females of the same age .
the bmd of females in the city was higher than that of females in countryside .
the prevalence rate of op in chengdu is higher than that in the north china .
the people in chengdu need more exercises and enhance the outdoor activites .
intervention measures should be taken and knowledge of osteoporosis prevention should be spread among 50 year old females or menopausal women , especially the people in the countryside .
bone resorption in patients with copd is increased , causing reduction of bmd and tendency of osteoporosis .
the risk factors may be hypoxia , smoking and use of steroids .
to study the correlation between the changes in bmd and biochemical markers of bone metabolism in pilots with back and leg pain .
comparison between the group with low back pain , the group with back and leg pain and their corresponding control groups manifested significant difference .
the bmd value and serum bgp value were significantly correlated with each other in every group ( p < 0.01 ) .
many women who have already been aware of the risks about osteoporosis are still lack of an active attitude and initiative practice for prevention of osteoporosis .
to meature the parameters of calcaneal quantitative ultrasound ( qus ) in normal beijing subjects , compared with osteoporotic patients .
bua , sos and sti in men were greater than in women in different ages .
bmd were measured by single energy x-ray absorptiometry in 84 patients with coronary artery disease and 80 normotensive subjects .
the bmd decreased with increasing morbid course in patients with coronary artery disease .
the bmd decreased with increasing morbid course inpatients with coronary artery disease , and low bmd suggests a bad prognosis .
to investigate the effects of estrogen on fracture healing of ovariectomized mice with serious bone loss .
the calluses were small in ovx group , but the callus maturity was not affected .
high dose of estrogen impaired cartilage callus calcification while low dose of estrogen affected callus formation little .
experiments also showed that gdp could greatly enhance bone strength in rats .
the level of bmd of l2-4 at 18 months after operation was higher than that before operation in the sham operated group .
the increasing level of bmd of l2-4 in both sham operated group and ovx group may be related to increase in body weight of the goats .
to study the usefulness of dexa and qus measurement in predicting vertebral fracture in postmenopausal osteoporotic patients .
dexa ( bmd , t-score ) : spine -2.99 1.43 ; femur -1.95 1.14 .
qus ( sos , t-score ) : radius -3.12 0.79 ; tibia -1.67 1.73 .
method 36 female 8-month-old sd rats were randomized into two groups of 18 each , the treatment group and the control group .
exogenous recombinant human growth hormone can stimulate osteoporotic fracture healing in the rat .
to study the femoral metaphyseal bone mineral density for evaluating femoral quality .
methods 30 femurs were tested for bone mineral density , singh index and biomechanical properties .
femoral metaphyseal bone mineral density was highly correlated with other bone mineral density parameters , singh index and prosthesis stability .
femoral metaphyseal bone mineral density is a good parameter for evaluating femoral quality .
there was a positive correlation between sos and years since menopause ( p < 0.01 ) .
the value of sos of fractured women was lower than that in normal women ( p < 0.01 ) .
serum level of bgp and thyroid hormone were measured in 40 patients with hyperthyroidism , 20 hypothyroidism and 30 normal controls .
we treated bone pain due to osteoporosis with alendronate sodium in sixty postmenopausal women , the period of treatment lasting six months .
comparing the changes in pain and bone mineral density ( bmd ) before and after 6 months of administration of alendronate .
to test the efficacy and safety of alendronate sodium ( aln ) in treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis .
to study the correlation between fracture of distal radius ( colles ' fracture ) following low energy trauma in 40 ~ 65 aged women and osteoporosis .
oneway anova and independent student-t-test were used to compare the bmd differences beween groups .
to study the changes of rats bone volume and serum lipid on ovariectomized rats .
the data suggests that 30 days after ovariectomy , rats ' bone volume decreased , while serum ch level increased and tg level decreased .
to investigate the mechanism and relationship between hyperthyroidism and osteoporosis .
the aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of gushukang on osteoblasts ( ob ) .
the results showed that quantity of ob , akp , bgp were associated with the concentration of gushukang solution .
furthermore , gushukang may inhibit absorption of bone .
prior to their death , total skeletal bmd of every rat was measured by dexa .
the expression of cx43 in adenohypophyseal glands of all rats was detected by sp immunohistochemical methods .
total skeletal bmd in ovariectomized group was significantly lower than that of control animals ( p < 0.01 ) .
it took 6 weeks for the ovariectomized rats to show definite osteoporosis by means of significantly low bmd .
the noticeable inhibition of cx43 in fscs in anterior pituitary glands may contribute to occurrence of rat osteoporosis in this research .
to design a new screw-anchoring nail for the treatment of femoral neck fractures .
to compare the treatment results of non-reamed interlocking intramedullary nail and external fixator in grade-iii b open tibial fractures .
compared with external fixation , non-reamed interlocking intramedullary nail is more suitable for the treatment of grade-iii b open tibial fracture .
to report the experiences of wound closure for open leg fractures .
glove-torn skin should be restored to thick-split skin and be sutured ;
delayed primary suture is suitable for serious polluted wound ;
fascia-skin flap , muscle or skin flap should be used when the wound lying directly over a bone ;
diminishing infection is the first step for the infected wound before the closure .
the study is to describe the compression broken screw for the treatment of femoral neck fractures , and to explore the mechanisms of this method .
in order to prevent from femur head necrosis , it is necessary for the patients to be treated early and not to weight bearing .
to explore the treatment of ankle joint fracture combined with inferior tibiofibular joint split .
after 8 to 18 months follow-up , averaged 14.5 months , the ankle joints functions became normal .
to explore the treatment methods of senile femoral neck fractrue .
methods77 cases were treated with operation and traditional chinese medicine .
during 3 to 7 years follow up , 54 cases got complete union of bone ( 84 % ) ;
femoral head necrosis occurred in 20 cases ( 29 % ) ;
55 cases gained favorabel hip function ( 71 % , include the patients whose femoral head were replacemented ) .
but to subcapital type fracture combined with serious displacement , the hemiarthroplasty should be done . also , traditional chinese medicine can be used to reduce complication .
to observe whether or not passive muscular contraction under electric stimulation in injury limbs can accelerate the healing of fracture .
to investigate the mechanism of action of bushen migu ye ( bsmgy ) on bony metabolism .
bsmgy directly promoted proliferation of osteoblast-like cells at a dose-dependent manner and inhibited bone absorption ;
while salmon calicitonin had no effect on proliferation of osteoblastic cells , but inhibited bone absorption obviously .
bsmgy directly affect bony metabolism by promoting bone formation and inhibiting bone absorption .
to explore the related factors of local complications of femoral shaft fracture , and the differences between plate and intramedullary nailing fixation on complications .
from 1985 to 1994 , 325 cases of the femoral shaft fractures treated by internal fixation were analyzed .
to analyze the factors causing false positive reaction and false negative reaction of csep in spinal operation .
methods 63 cases undergone spinal sergery were divided into three group : deformity of spine , spine osteopathy combined with spinal cord lesion , brachial plexus injury .
intraoperative monitoring was done by csep .
to study the effect of the length of grafted bone on decompression results during anterior cervical spinal fusion .
after anterior trephination osteotomy and decompression , long auto-bone graft was obtained from the ilium and was grafted under traction .
when osteotomy has been done on one vertebral segment , the length of grafted bone should be longer than bone tank by 2mm .
to investigate the mechanisms of prevention and treatment of gushukang on osteoporosis .
compared with ovx rats , gsk significantly increased bmd of femur and l4 , also increased the mechanical properties of ovx rats .
gsk inhibited bone resorption .
gsk increased bone mass and bone strength .
this study is designed to explore the relationship between cervical dysarteriotony and the adjacent cervical soft tissues , so as to delineate the mechanism of cervical dysarteriotony .
the rabbits ' bp changed considerably by compression and pulling stimulation and changed slightly by electric stimulation .
to study the repairing methods of injuries of myoneural junction .
myoelectric activity was detected at 3 and 6 months after the operation , and the regeneration of motor end-plate was observed under optical microscope and electronic microscope .
vein grafting could be considered if direct implantation of the nerve is impossible .
to explore the effective methods for lowering down the mortality of open pelvic fracture in children .
of the 23 cases , 22 patients with shock were treated with hemostasis , blood transfusion and operation .
after treatment , 21 survived and 2 died , giving a mortality of 8.7 % .
to study the traumatic mechanism , classfication and treatment of acetabular fractures .
of the 65 cases , 44 were treated with skeletal traction and 21 were treated with internal fixation .
the displacement of 16 cases were reduced from more than 3 mm before traction to less than 3 mm after traction .
7 cases of obvious transposition fractures which had not been operated upon because of severe complications had poor results .
during the operation , gross injuries in the femoral head could be seen in 17 cases .
the locality and severity of impact of femoral head and acetabulum will affect the prognosis .
to study the relation between cellular factor , intercelluar substance and pathogenesis of ischemic necrosis of femoral head ( infh ) .
methods 12n hcl and 12n naoh were injected into femoral heads of rabbits to kill bone cells , bone marrow and to destroy microcirculation .
infh model in progressive stage was duplicated in short period and the typical pathological changes appeared after 6 weeks .
the development and prognosis of infh depend on three factors , i.e. pathogenic agents , balance of bone absorption and bone reconstruction , effect of biomechanics .
the effective repair of infh includes not only the reconstruction of trabecular network but also the restoration of the function of microcirculation and bone marrow .
to investigate the clinical effect and safety of yangjinhua gao ( ysg ) for the treatment of acute closed soft tissue injury .
the study indicates that ysg is an effective medicine for external application in the treatment of acute closed soft tissue injury .
to investigate the classification into different types of prolapsed lumbar interventebral disc ( plid ) and its clinical significance .
a total of 396 cases of the different types were reviewed .
one hundred and two cases were treated with surgery and the excellent rate was 92.16 % .
to describe a modified approach for revisional operation of intervertebral lumbar disc herniation ( ldh ) .
the spinal canal was entered through the original incision , exposing the remnants of the resected lamina in 14 cases of recurrent ldh .
the scar tissue was left alone .
surgical approach through the original incision is helpful to eliminate the cause of the recurrent lesions and also beneficial for spinal stability .
stenosis of the lateral recess played the chief role in the pathogenesis and during the revision procedure the scar tissue can be left alone .
to analyze the clinical characteristics of patients undergone secondary lumbar disc surgery and to evaluate the correlation between post operative diagnosis and clinical symptoms and signs .
all the patients were followed up for more than 2 years .
of the 84 cases , 34 had recurrent protrusion of intervertebral discs , 20 had subsequent lateral spinal canal stenosis and 20 had periradicular fibrosis .
the effect of secondary operation showed that patients with nerve root compression had better results than those with periradicular fibrosis .
surgical treatment of periradicular fibrosis should be avoided if parenchymatous compression of the nerve can be ruled out .
the duration of follow up ranged from 2 to 48 months . the excellent and good rate was 90.22 % .
the complications rate of three-dimensional traction was 2.06 % , pld 10 % and open operation 5.88 % . the total complications rate was 4.64 % .
proper treatment program is the key to prevent complications .
the percentage composition of chondroitin sulfate ( cs ) in the degenerated group was lower than that in the normal group ( p < 0.05 ) ;
the percentage composition of hyaluronic acid ( ha ) and keratin sulfate ( ks ) was higher than that in the normal group ( p < 0.05 ) .
the decrease of gag content in the degenerated annuli fibrosus is mainly caused by the decrease of cs .
to determine the effects of jingzhui noi ( jz-i ) on pge2 in the plasma of mimic cervical radiculitis in rats .
jz-i of moderate and high dose could significantly decrease the content of pge2 in the blood .
jz-i can inhibit inflammation of the mimic cervical radiculitis .
to evaluate the role of nitrous oxide ( no ) in the pathogenesis of rheumatoid arthritis ( ra ) and osteoarthritis ( oa ) .
in patients with ra , no concentration in blood serum was positively correlated to that in the synovia ( r = 0.417 , p < 0.05 ) .
in patients with ra and oa , no concentration in blood serum was lower than that in synovia , but significantly higher than that in control group .
no concentration in synovia in patients with ra was obviously higher than that in patients with oa .
in patients with ra and oa , intra-articular no is mainly synthesised by the synovium .
the increased no concentration in blood serum suggested its involvement in the pathogensis of ra .
low se concentratation is helpful to growth and differentiation of neurons from rat embryo .
the research studied the effects of cadmium chloride on proto- oncogene c - myc expression in rat liver cells with northern dothybridization .
the re-search infers that at certain dose , cadmium can induce proto -oncogene c - myc expression in rat liver cells .
the cell cycle was observed with the flow cy- tometer .
the selenium compounds ( kangqiang selenium and selenium polysaccharide ) could protect against the effects of arsenic on livers cell cycle in rats .
kangqing selenium and selenium polysaccharide could actively protect a- gainst the effects of arsenic .
the resultsdemonstrated that toxicity was induced by low level tcdd inpregnant macaques and pregnancy outcomes were affected too .
agp may be efficient and safe to be utilized to prevent and curecancer .
this study implys that naked oatsflour and hippophace rhamnoides juice fortification naked oatsflour has substantial hyperlipidemia and blood viscosity effects .
a new mathematical model of road roughness , namely arma model , is proposed and studied in detail .
increasing the fly ash volume in rcc is beneficial to decreasing its brittleness .
the sliding layer and other measures are added to reduce friction coefficient on the sub-base . in addition , how to select the materials is discussed in detail .
in the end , the authors introduce the design of experimental road . preliminary observation of the experimental road is carried out .
the results show that the design method is credible and effective .
in the analysis , the influences of local deformation of every plate of thin-walled box girder and of geometrical and material nonlinearity is considered .
according to the rule " set-in-right-seat " , the property matrix of the nonlinear elment of thin-walled box girder is deduced as well .
unfavorable effects of aubomobile-over 20 & trailer-120 heavy-duty automobiles on existing tunnel road slab and vertical brace are analyzed .
plate element is used to simulate tunnel lining , road slab and vertical brace , and spring element simulate the interaction between soil and tunnel .
if the nature frequencies are only available , a iterative process is developed for calculating the equivalent length .
one dimensional finite element formulea for thin-walled curved box girder analysis including the shear lag effect are presented under convected cylinder coordinates .
the positive position for overexpression of c - erbb - 2 and ras were mainly observed on cell memberance and cytoplasm of epithelial cells , respectively .
it is suggested that the oncogene may play a role in carcinogenic mechanism of arsenic .
it were obvious that passive smoking affected the blood lead levels of preschool children , 2 year old was probably the critical pe- riod of passive smoking exposure .
after contolhng for confounding factors , the ar % of ncws for dds was 59.1 % .
the results shwed that the ratio of cost for twdw and the benefit gained from the reduotion of dds was 1 : 5.43 .
to measure the resistant state of n. gonorrhoeae and the dis- tribution of resistant plasmids in zhanjiang , and then probe their relationship .
the combined population at- tributable risk ( par ) for four factors was 0 . 8381 .
par for four factros was 0 . 9137 . but habitu- al physical activity at leisure time was an independent protective factor .
dietary factors influencing zinc requirements have been iden- tified .
zinc requirements will change with the different levels of di- etary factors .
60 e1tor ( evc ) and 10 o139strains isolated form patients in guangdong province and 2 re-frence strains were analysed .
predominant types ofstrains isolated from guangdong province cooperated with those ofstrains from other districts of china and south east of asia .
to understand trends and epidemiological characters ofsyphilis past years in china and provide scientific basis for makingcontrol strategies .
the incidence rate of syphilis was 4.31 / 100,000 in the country in 1998 . which was as 25 times as that in1993 .
in the period of 1993 - 1998 , annual average growth of in-cidence rate of syphilis was 90.9 % .
syphilis spread from coastalopening cities to inland urban area , then to rural area .
there were4 regions with high incidence rate of syphilis in 1998 ( the yangtsedelta , the zhujiang river deita , the nontheast , beijing andtianjin area ) ,
20 -agegroup rate was the highest and 10 - 14 was the lowest .
recently the propotion ofsyphilis in 8 sex-ually transmitted diseases mounted gradually from 1.53 % in 1994to 8.50 % in 1998 .
the study indicated that the epidemiologicalsituation of syphilis in china became severer , we should pay seri-ously attention to that .
showed that their knowledge was better than that of medical personnel by similar investigations .
this study indicated that there were high demands on aids among continued medical students , and continuous education was a good way to improve their knowledge on aids .
developing management information systems ( mis ) is one ofthe major projects in building disease control computer network .
because mis has both technology and management specialities , ac-tually it is a very complex system engineering to develop .
in thispaper , some key problems in the process of developing mis of dis-ease control computer network are discussed .
to study the effect of organic fluoride on the immunologic function and lipid peroxidation level of the workers .
the lipid peroxidation due to cs2 was not induced by lack of anti-oxidation substance .
medical insurance mainly covered those at eastern and southern regions , foreign ventures , joint ventures and cooperative ventures .
to study protective effect of fenugreek seed ( trigonella foenum-graecum l. ) against acute chemical liver injury and its mechanism .
group a was fed with water containing 132ge and groups band c were fed with tap water .
and cellular immunity of silicotic rats was determined by tumor necrosing factors ( tnf ) test .
to evaluate the possible anti-oxidation effect of polifen , a tea polyphenols ( tp ) preparation .
at the end of three month administration , sod activities in all groups were significantly decreased except the group treated with xifeining ;
significant decreases in lpo levels were observed in low concentration polifen group and vitamin c group ; all the four groups showed significant decreases in cp activities .
after six-month administration , all three indices remained lower than those before administration in the groups treated with low concentration polifen ,
although the differences in lpo was statistically insignificant ; only cp activities were significantly decreased three month of administration in vitamin c group .
the polilen preparation has the effect in anti-lipid peroxidation .
to study the contents of dust , free silica and metal elements in the lungs of metal and coal miners in autopsy .
with increase in contents of dust and free silica detained in the lungs , silicosis exacerbated .
dust content in the lungs was less in metal miners than that in coal miners and that of free silica was basically equal in both of them .
contents of metal elements were greater in metal miners than that in coal miners , independent of their staging of silicosis .
the aim of this study was to study the effect of printing ink on neurobehavioral functions of the workers who were exposed to several organic solvents .
it seemed that the occupational exposure to printing ink in low concentration had no obvious effect on workers neurobehavioral function .
to study the risk factors and the prevalence of the occupational chronic musculoskeletal injuries ( cmi ) among aluminum workers .
method 403 aluminum workers and 207 controls were investigated by cross-sectional study with questionnaire , and by clinical examination .
improve work condition and social-psychological state , decrease work load are important measures for preventing occupational cmi among aluminum workers .
the main metabolite of ee is 2-ethoxyacetic acid ( eaa ) , it is a terminal toxicant caused reproductive / developmental toxicity .
to study the relationship between occupational stress and coronary heart disease ( chd ) and the main occupational factors leading to stress .
a cross-sectional study was conducted to study the relationship between occupational stress , evaluated by an occupational stress indication , and chd in 583 male train attendants .
occupational stress was an important and un-negligible risk factor for chd .
the dosage of iron salt could be reduced with the aid of polymer .
a bench and full scale tests were carried out to investigate the reuse of filter backwash water in a waterworks taking raw water from xiangjiang river .
the phb in activated sludge cell and polyphosphate particles were dyed and examined with the microscope .
it was also found that the coagulant cost is the key factor affecting the operating cost in this waterworks and should be reduced .
to study sub-acute effects of mixed benzene exposure on blood system , blood levels of lipid and lipid peroxidation and activity of anti-exidase in rats .
' serum total cholesterol ( tc ) and triglyceride ( tg ) increased significantly in group a1 ( p < 0.05 ) ,
' serum level of tg correlated inversely with activity of superoxide dismutase ( sod ) ( r = -0.313 5 , p < 0.05 ) ,
enhancement of lipid peroxidation and decrease in serum activity of sod were important causes for increase in blood lipid level .
to explore the effects of mercapto ethanol and vitamin con gsh-px of erythrocytes incubated with cadmium .
results ( 1 ) the gsh-px activities of erythocytes incubated with cadmium was significantly lower than that of control ( p < 0.01 ) ;
( 2 ) there was no difference between the gsh-px activity of erythrocytes incubated with mercaptoethanol plus cadmium and that with cadmium ;
( 3 ) the gsh-px activity of erythrocytes incubated with vc plus cadmium was significantly rised comparing with erythroccytes incubated with cadmium ( p < 0.01 ) .
( 2 ) mercaptoethanol had no function of preventing cadmium from damaging erythrocyte gsh-px ;
( 3 ) vc could prevent rbc gsh-px from inhibiting by cadmium .
to research the acute toxicity and mutagenesis of a preventive anti-fluoride agent ( i-1 ) .
following up each subject to survey that how many menstral cycles needed for pregnancy .
to study the hygiene standard of 2-etheoxyethanol ( 2-ee ) with health-risk assessment method .
the projected twa of 2-ee ( 21mg / m3 ) also approaches the hygiene standard of 2-ee in usa ( 19 mg / m3 ) .
health-risk assessment may be a reliable method for the preparation of hygiene standard .
to study effects of hormone dust on female workers health .
a field hygienic investigation was conducted and physical check-ups were made for 67 female workers and 55 control women .
levels of hormone in the body of exposed workers changed significantly with physiological changes and clinical symptoms .
work exposed to hormone is hazardous to female workers and corresponding measures should be adopted to protect them .
to analyze employers wishes to medical insurance for their employees with common diseases in township and town-owned enterprises .
a cross-sectional study was conducted with stratified cluster sampling .
to study dose-response relationship between cumulative exposure to silica and cumulative incidence of pneumoconiosis .
correlation of cumulative exposure to silica with cumulative incidence of pneumoconiosis was analyzed based on issued literatures and recent data about their scientific research .
there was closer relationship between cumulative exposure to free silica and cumulative incidence .
to study the effects of rubbish dust on ventilation function in sanitary workers .
thirty sanitary workers and 30 teachers in a city of fujian province were followed up for ten years and had them routine physically checked-up and pulmonary function tested .
data were analyzed with t-test and correlation and regression .
rubbish dust raising in cleaning could seriously affect their pulmonary function of sanitary workers . it suggested that their labor protection should be enhanced .
to study the prevention effect of pretreatment of r-n6-phenylisopropyladenosine ( r-pia ) on hearing injury by impulse noise .
the impulses were mimicked the waveform of an m-16 rifle fire .
r-pia is effective in preventing hearning loss and hair cell loss associated with exposure to impulse noise .
to evaluate the effect of dinitrotoluene ( dnt ) on the health of exposed workers .
pathological examination showed that fibrotic degeneration in spermatogonia and testicles convoluted tubules , decreased spermiogenesis , spermacrasia in epididymides .
acrylonitrile could induce lipid peroxidation in test of rats .
to study the effects of different working environment on immune function and trace elements in employees of an aluminum refinery .
exposure to magnetic field could cause increase in igg and lymphocyte count .
to explore the effects of local vibration on plasma concentration of endorthelin in rabbits .
plasma concentration of endothelin was determined in rabbits exposed to varied length and intensity of local vibration .
local vibration could cause increased plasma concentration of endothelin in rabbits .
to explore irritant and sensitivity of skin on anti-mildew agent -bromocinnamic aldehyde ( -bca ) .
studies on irritant and sensitization of -bac in human skin were performed .
contact dermatitis was present in 42.6 % of 108 exposed to -bca .
bulla with pain was occurred after occlusive patch 48 hours at 1 % and 0.5 % -bca .
contact dermatitis was caused by -bca .
anti-mildew -bca was either irritant or sensitizer . the mechanism of contact dermatitis caused by -bca was both irritantion and sensitization .
an advance in biological monitoring for 2-ethoxyethanol was reviewed briefly in this article .
to study the effect of lead on the antiviral ability .
lead can reduce the antiviral ability of organism and enhance the susceptivity to the virus .
to workout the health standard of fiberglass reinforced plastic dust in the air of workplace .
to formulate national hygienic standards for polyacrylonitrile ( pan ) fiber dust in the workplace air and to study its pathogenic effects .
rats were administered with pan dust suspension 80 mg via intratracheal instillation . the animals were killed 12 and 18 months after exposure .
biopsy showed that pan could cause mild fibrosis in pulmonary tissues of the rats .
to probe the value of 1-microgbulin ( 1-mg ) in the early diagnosis of toxic renal damage by acute organophosphorus pesticide poisoning ( aopp ) .
the 1-mg in blood and urine , bun , scr of all the objects were determined .
blood 1-mg and urine 1-mg may be a sensitive index in the early diagnosis of toxic renal damage by acute organophosphprus pesticide poisoning .
to study the effects of fluoride on muscular electric activities in human bodies exposed to fluoride .
neuroelectromyograms showed slowed nerve conduction velocity and prolonged somatosensory evoked potentials in their extremities ( p < 0.01 ) .
changes in nerve and muscular electric activities occurred in the workers occupationally exposed to fluoride , in addition to their changes in skeletal x-ray .
information service acts as one of most important roles in all pccs , which has always attracted the attentions of public health experts .
the development level , prospects and current problems in information service were presented in this review .
the results showed that the sludge settling performance improved and sludge volume index ( svi ) decreased with the increase of salinity .
this process was proved to be effective for organic pollutant removal and its operation cost is less than that of conventional secondary treatment process .
a study on removal of dom from source water of huangpujiang river by coagulation and pac process was carried out .
dom in the huangpujiang river with molecular weight lower than 4 000 u was difficult to be removed by pac .
a study on treatment of domestic wastewater with membrane bioreactor ( mbr ) process was carried out using domestic hollow fiber membrane .
the experimental results showed that the nitrite accumulation obtained from selective inhibition of high concentration free ammonia to nitrifier was unstable .
do became growth-limiting substrate , and nitrite accumulation could be realized at do concentration of 0.5 ~ 1.0 mg/l .
nitrosomonas dominated in the biofilm after accomplishment of nitrozation selection .
the principle , characteristics and design method of a wastewater soil infiltration treatment system are introduced .
at the same time , the increase of smp inhibited the nitrification , thus the removal rate of nh3-n dropped to about 92 % .
the quality of source water in pudong area in shanghai was deteriorated due to the heavy pollution of tributaries of huangpujiang river .
in view of defect of classical biochemical wastewater treatment process , a contact oxidation process with ultrafiltration membrane as carrier was developed .
the theoretical analysis also showed that this process would have good prospects in biological wastewater treatment .
however , no fluoride removal effect was observed by using quartz sand .
the kinetis equation of ozonizing nh3-n process was obtained based on the experiment .
a full-scale experiment was conducted on advanced treatment of secondary effluent from a municipal wastewater plant by combined velocity-changed biofilter ( cvf ) .
however , it was also found that the distinctly enhanced algae removal could be achieved even at higher ph value ( ph = 10.0 )
in this paper , it is emphasized that the raw materials for high strength concrete should be elaborately selected in order for its successful design and strength stability .
furthermore , quality stability of cementitious materials and conformability between superplasticizer s and cementitious materials are also important for material selection .
it is shown that large cylindrical structure is applicable to weak foundations with back fill , and that shear structure is superior to flexural structure .
the effect of fineness of slag on the workability and compressive strength of hsc is tested .
at the same time , the mechanism of the effect of fineness of slag on the property of hsc is discussed in this paper .
comparisons show that the accelerating genetic algorithm is a simple method with high precision and an effective way to predict the container throughput .
the achievements could offer a basis for planning and construction of container terminals .
the latest methods of analysis and trends of research on dredged material contamination are presented in the paper .
preconsolidation pressure of soft clay is researched in the paper . its application to estimate coefficient of lateral pressure is introduced .
the paper presents the technology and quality assurance measures for underwater pile splice of bored cast-in-situ concrete piles in tidal areas .
some of the key links are analyzed and demonstrated .
a successful example of underwater pile splice of bored cast-in-situ concrete piles is also give n.
a general review and features of the papers for the 5th international conference for coastal & port engineering in developing countries are presented by means of data retrieval .
the paper presents the technology for prefabrication of prestressed concrete slab beams spanning 20m and 16m respectively in a precasting yard with long casting beds .
it is a new tendency to allow a breakwater to slide a proper distance in designs .
theoretical is then provided for engineering design and construction .
the concentration gradient of deta-tu from the steel / concrete interface and bulk concrete was crucial for its inhibition efficiency .
the results showed that the cathodic depolarization was enhanced greatly by h + ionized from h2s under stirring or static condition .
corrosion rate decreased with increasing ph within the investigated ph range .
sulfide film formed under test condition was not protective enough for carbon steel .
mass gain curves of fe3al-based alloys oxidized in static state or under external tensile stress were studied and compared with those of 0cr25al5 .
and dynamic oxidation resistance of fe3al-based alloys was a little worse than that of 0cr25al5 .
mass gain of alloys was not only dependent on temperature and oxidization time , but also on external tensile stress .
a dynamic oxidation equation , w = k1t3 / 2 + k2t1 / 2 , was concluded , and was in accordance with the experimental results .
the relationships between corrosion of steels and environmental factors in sea water have been studied by grey relational analysis method .
here yi refers to the above-mentioned 3 environmental factors , and fi is the grey relational grade of these factors to localized corrosion depth .
the stainless steels with poor possivation tendency exhibited contrary results .
the order of steady corrosion potential of stainless steels from possitive to negative was consistent with their corrosion resistance in seawater .
stainless steels with relatively positive steady potential were corrosion resistant and vice versa .
thus , corrosion resistance of stainless steels in seawater could be evaluated on the basis of corrosion potential measurements .
the corrosion rates of carbon steel coupons covered by biofilms with different growth periods in 3 % nacl solution are remarkably distinctive .
edxa results present that the components of corrosion products in biofilms with different growth period are different .
furthermore , a fes film was prepared using chemosynthesis and a biofilm was prepared by biological method .
the phase in the diffusion layer was -fe solid solution containing wand some carbide few3c was found in it . the matrix was t8 carbon steel .
the order in the corrosion inhibition efficiency may be arranged as follows : sadp > atmp >
hedp
test results showed that the zero current potential of the steel with typeii sulfide was more negative than that of the steel with typeisulfide ;
and at the same cathodic polarization potential , the anodic dissolution current of the former was greater than that of the latter .
the effect of sulfide inclusions on the pitting propagation was examined by means of micro-analysis .
it was found that the sulfide accelerated propagation of the pit with a higher dissolution speed than that of the steel matrix .
pure iron membranes were pre-charged with hydrogen at various current densities . effect of hydrogen on the film formation process on iron was studied by electrochemical methods .
the presence of albumin shifted the corrosion potential of copper towards negative .
it could be inferred that the albumin accelerated the anodic process of copper and hence enhanced its corrosion .
thermogravimetric studies have been conducted on the corrosion behavior of pure chromium coated with nacl deposit in air or oxygen containing water vapor at 500-700c .
a mechanism to explain the syneigistic effect of water vapor and nacl on the corrosion of pure cr is proposed .
when the ph was higher than 7 , the surface of corroding electrodes got into the stage of passivation because of the formation of iron oxide film .
based on the view of competitive adsorption between hs- and oh- on surface electrode , a probable reaction mechanism was suggested .
the result s showed that the potential gradient inside the crevice decreased with elapse of polarization time .
the steel , with a composition of phosphorus 0.035 % an d copper 0.2 % , was produced by wuhan iron & steel company .
cycling immersion accelerating corrosion tests showed the new type steel have more obvious advantage over the common mild steel .
it was evidenced that the electrochemical modification gave rise to dehydration of the passive film .
there existed an abundance of cro 3 in the outer layer of passive film , but no cro2-4 was sensed by xp s measurements .
the enrichment of cr appeared throughout the passive film , and t he maximum of it did not locate at the outmost layer .
it implied that the preferential solvating happened during the electrochemical modification .
the erosion-corrosion resistance of some fe3al-based alloys at high temperatures was investigated .
small amount addition of tungsten , molybdenum or niobium to the fe3al-based alloys resulted in the further increase in the erosion-corrosion resistance .
a probe for measuring soil corrosivity was developed .
experimental data and creature fouling status in the immersed zone are in reasonable correspondence with the equation .
the -phase showed a minor tendency to dealiminize .
the cathodic process ofcorrosion reaction is restrained at the higher concentration of hydrogen sulfide .
in oxygenic condition the srb could also grow between ph 8.0 ~ 8.5 .
these solutions are of the time-dependent type . state of quantum system is certainty .
by using inte llective fd analyzing technology proposed , the shape of particle , the effects of particle shape on powder property are investigated .
the result shows that , by means of the intellective fd method , the shape of powder particle , the statistical distribution features can be quantitatively described .
anatase tio2 nanometer powder is prepared by sol-gel method . tio2 powder is composed of tio2 sphere particles in size of 40 ~ 80 nm .
the energy level of hydrogen atom are presented . these solutions are the time-depended type .
ni ( oh ) 2 powder is prepared by virtue of the method of nh3 coordination precipitation .
according to continuum theory , the granular media yield in silo affects the static pressure on wall of silo is studied by finite element method .
a novel fluidized-bed granular filter is a new type of developing high temperature gas equipment and has its own characteristic .
research on the fluidized-bed with granular filter is conducted with optical fiber measurement system . and fft method is applied on the time series of solid concentation .
higher solid concentration and stronger gas-solid mixing are near the granular and in the bed corner at 250mm height above the air distributor .
the modified linear packing model that incorporated the variable of the width of size distributions can be used to predict the packing behavior of binary powder mixtures .
the fabrication methods of hsa nanoparticles and composite hsa are summarized .
meanwhile , the potential fabrication methods are mentioned in the viewpoint of the fabrication technology on nanometer-scale materials .
a method which use an agitate fluid-bed to directly de-water liquid materials to powders is introduced , and its drying principle is shown .
also , the heat and mass balance equation and moisture relation are analyzed , through that the operating parameters including the quantity of return material are accounted .
and the reasons are mainly related to the property that the bodies of various rank coals get variations under high temperature and the difference of their pore structure .
progress as well as developing trends of ultra-fine grinding and high fineness classification technology and equipment are reviewed in thw paper .
in this paper , the preparation , characteristic and its application of barium azide as one of degassing agents which is developed in recent years are brifly introduce .
the conclusion is drawn that it is a new tool to make loose grains .
in this paper , the pelleting methods of natural apatite and the influencing factors are investigated .
experiments show that the hardness of palletized particles under a constant sintering temperature is positively proportional to the content of binding admixture ( the clay minerals ) ;
it is proved that the pelletization of natural apatite does not affect its adsorbing ability very much to pb2 + ion in waste water .
being successfully developed , it is found an application in manmade earth satellite .
the development of powder technology exploites a broad foreground to diversification food and function food .
using micro-fluidized bed opposed jet mill , pseudo-ginseng is superfinely pulverized . through powder characterization of micro-appearance , particle distribution , outer area of pseudo-ginseng ,
crystallite size phenomena then examined using dta , xrd , and tem techniques through these samples .
to explore the expression of mismatch repair ( mmr ) gene mrna in lung cancer and the relationship between mrna expression and microsatellite alterations .
the function of mmr decreases in lung cancer tissue , and correlates with microsatellite alterations . mmr genes might play a role in carcinogenesis of lung cancer .
no significant relationship was observed among p73 expression and differentiated grades , histoclassification and p-tnm stages of the cancer ( p > 0.05 ) .
of the 162 cases with nsclc , 108 ( 66.67 % ) had loh on 3p .
the total frequency of loh at 3p did not relate to tnm staging and pathological classification in nsclc ( p > 0.05 ) .
conclusion 3p loh occur commonly in human nsclc .
it suggests that each region harbor one or more tumor suppressor genes , the inactivation of which might be critical for the oncogenesis and development of lung cancer .
serial dilution study using lc-5 cells was performed to detect sensitivity of the ck19 rt-pcr method .
comparing with he method , the rt-pcr method can make more accurate assessment of metastatic status in lns .
sixty-one of 94 ( 64.89 % ) nsclc patients showed msi at single or multiple loci .
statistically significant correlation was found between msi and lymph node metastasis ( 2 = 9.945 , p = 0.002 ) .
msi-positive patients had significantly shorter survival time than msi-negative ones had ( p = 0.0001 ) .
msi closely correlates with lymph node metastasis of nsclc and it is a crucial factor in predicting the survival time and prognosis of nsclc patients .
to investigate the mutations of p53 gene at the resection margins of the bronchus and cancer tissues , and to predict lung cancer recurrence .
there was no recurrence in patients without mutant p53 gene at the resection margin .
seventeen of 28 patients ( 60.7 % ) with mutant p53 gene in cancer tissue had recurrence or metastasis ,
but only 5 of 22 patients ( 22.7 % ) without mutant p53 gene had local recurrence ( p < 0.05 ) .
patients with mutant p53 gene in cancer tissue appear to have a substantially increased risk of recurrence and metastasis of lung cancer .