futurism , an early twentieth-century movement in art , rejected all traditions and attempted to glorify contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and motion . 36 .
ting : john john : no , i havent . this is the first time i have been to china .
you can have them for all i care , but b ' george , you have n't done me right .
we prepared everything according to government and power authorities ' laws and regulations .
/ where can i see a football match in beijing ? where can i see a football match in beijing ?
would you not please open the window would you please not open the window would you please would you please not
all is fair in love and war all is fair in love and war , all 's fair in love and war .
; [ no. 97 [ j ] yell [ jel ] [ jl ] ; [ we yelled english together every day .
yet the body is not for immorality , but for the lord , and the lord is for the body .
" he who is not with me is against me ; and he who does not gather with me , scatters .
: what did you do when you came to beijing ? / what did you do when you came to beijing ?
every man is a poet when he is in love .. every man is a poet when he is in love .
for these and other reasonsglobal life styles will change radically and human behavior drastically impacted .
butterfly6 yesterday afternoon frank hawkins was telling me about his experiences as a young man .
especially in countries with undeveloped ransport infrastructures , geography restricts food availability as dramatically
( king james version ) catholic university of america god is my light cambridge university here light and sacred draughts .
britain witnessed the first oil embargo in 1973.1973 thatcherismthatcherism referred to the policies put forward by margaret thatcher , the first woman prime minister in england in 1979 .
china minsheng banking corporation , ltd . corporationlimited company china minsheng banking corporation
k.k [ d58 ; i ] ipa [ e18 ; t43 ; ] let me have a look at the book .
m glad ... ( m glad you like it you can contrast things by saying : at the same time .
automobiles revolutionized the take-out food industy , requiring larger-volume production and specialized delivery systems .
[ l ] [ l ] [ l ] ; [ school [ skul ] what did you learn at school today ?
; [ no. 93 [ l ] school [ sku : l ] [ skul ] ; [ what did you learn at school today ?
] a grain of sand a grain of sand william blake/ to see a world in a grain of sand ,
in 1790 , to celebrate his eightieth birthday , he summoned opera troupes from different places to perform for him in beijing .
you do n't have much time . / you do n't have much time ; i do n't have a car .
and if you seek him , he will let you find him ; but if you forsake him , he will forsake you .
lesson59 restaurants in londonbritish restaurants are not , unfortunately , famous for their good food .
china minsheng banking corporation , ltd . corporationlimited company china minsheng banking corporation
therefore you do not love " why do you have to talk to me me . you do not care .
divide sth . into do a good deed do away with do damage to do good / harm to sb./sth .
the countrys stability depends on how well the president can groom a successor.www.51test.netwww.51test.netwww.51test.net 3 .
how old are you ? are you in grade1 ? are you li lei ? what class are you in ?
but it is a salutary reminder that the limitations of human senses can cause even competent
recalcitrant backbenchers hamstrung the prime ministers attempt torailroad the bill through the commons.backbencher26 .
m difficult ( easy ) to do the work . s difficult ( easy ) for me to do the work .
canned pumpkin : a low-calorie vegetable that is high in fiber and immune-stimulating vitamin a ; fills you up on very few calories .
what colour + be + what colour \ " it\ 's / they\ ' re + -what colour is her blouse ?
student : fire , air , earth , and6 ; 6 ; 6 ; and 6 ; 6 ; 6 ; teacher : and what ?
; [ 47i 'm sorry , but ... ; [ i 'm sorry , but i can n't make it .
it 's not good for you to say those words . it is not good for you to say like that
xiaoqing9 attached agency of the department of justice which provides indigent litigants free legal assistance ?
dubai-owned airline emirates said it would build one of the world 's tallest hotels to
i 'm no match for him = i 'm not his match = he 's more than a match for me
there has been broad world disapproval of many bush policies in the u.s. war on terrorism that bush declared after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks .
actually , he was n't there all the time , but still i think he saw enough to give some valuable insight on the matter .
in stories the doomed hero is usually saved at the last minute by some stroke of fortune , but almost always his sense of values is changed .
" though the economy is worsening , i wanted to buy some lucky bags because it is sold at a discounted price .
blessed are you , o land , whose king is of nobility and whose princes eat at the appropriate time for strength and not for drunkenness .
controlling your concentration 0 [ hide ] ontrolling your concentration concentration is centering your attention
a collection of valuable items discovered or found ; a treasure-trove .
a fee charged for the redemption of impounded animals or other property .
a four-to-seven-year-old does as much paperwork as any bureaucrat .
a four-wheeled closed carriage having an open , hooded seat behind .
a hill outside ancient jerusalem where jesus was crucified .
a jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer .
a pair of horizontal parallel lines drawn across a shield .
a perfumed ointment , especially one used to groom the hair .
a person of slavish or unquestioning obedience ; a lackey .
a person or an animal having more than the normal number of digits .
a radio network that provides aircraft with complete information on bearings .
a simple , guileless , inexperienced , or unsophisticated person .
a small , usually decorative flap or tongue on a garment .
a thick protective cover similar to or suggestive of a quilt .
a trailing lavender negligee that swore at her bright red hair .
a usually sprightly or mischievous or sometimes spiteful person .
a wrinkle-resistant fabric of fibers made from any of these resins .
accessible through an address , as in computer memory .
all political parties die at last of swallow their own lie .
an optimist is a girl who mistakes a bulge for a curve .
austrian pacifist . he shared the1911 nobel peace prize for his work toward world peace .
characterized by or exhibiting an alternating upward and downward movement .
completely unfamiliar with one 's surroundings or activity .
enclosed please find a cheque , value $ 25,000in payment of my account .
everything comes to him who waits except a loaned book .
first cousins are two degrees from their common ancestor .
four american student wish stay september12-15 preferably double with if unavailable any room okay .
french field marshal who commanded the allied armies in france during world war i .
german physicist noted for his contributions to the understanding of thermodynamics .
goodness i call the habit , and goodness of nature , the inclination .
having four feet with opposable first digits , as primates other than human beings .
having or showing excessive and arrogant self-confidence ; presumptuous .
having teeth attached to the edge of the jawbone without sockets .
he must have iron nails that scratches a bear .
his hard hands and sinewy sunburnt limbs told of labor and endurance .
his hint dawned on me when i was trying go solve the problem .
i did a double take when i saw how much weight she had put on .
i gave the letter to what 's-her-name in the typing pool .
i know from their greetings how much they expected of me .
i 've had a basinful of bowler-hat and furled-umbrella parts .
impervious to pleas , appeals , or reason ; stubbornly unyielding .
in a dignified , noble fashion befitting or characteristic of a lord .
it was a hard course ; only a few romped through .
it 's a light affliction and will last but for a season .
lacking intellectual inquisitiveness or natural curiosity ; uninterested .
lacking power to evoke interest through overuse or repetition ; hackneyed .
lacking respectability , as in character , behavior , or appearance .
license number-the best thing to take when you are run down .
mr smith indicted for the mercy killing of his incurable son .
new immigrants are still bringing their talents and improving the quality of american life .
non-resident students who wish to lunch in should inform the bursar before ten o'clock .
one that is disappointingly ineffective or unsuccessful .
one that is highly regarded for one 's beauty or value .
polish-born british anthropologist who maintained that customs and beliefs have specific social functions .
relating to or characteristic of low , usually level land .
relating to progression by intervals larger than major seconds .
release me from my unfulfilled past clinging to me from behind making death difficult .
resembling butter in appearance , consistency , or chemical properties .
roman governor of judea who ordered christ 's crucifixion .
roosevelt carried all but two states in the1936 presidential election .
russian-born american pianist noted for his interpretations of chopin and liszt .
russian-born american violinist noted for his pure intonation and interpretive sense .
something that is a combination of disparate or contradictory elements .
speaking , writing , written in , or composed of several languages .
starting projects is one thing , following them through is another .
the act of bungling , especially a poor stroke in golf .
the brightest star in the constellation cygnus , approximately1,630 light-years from earth .
the class sent a round-robin letter to bill in the hospital .
the girls all crumpled up when tom walked in wearing his funny clothes .
the music for or in the rhythm of the minuet .
the spoken representation of the dot in radio and telegraph code .
the surgical grafting of tissue obtained from one individual or species to another .
the therapeutic generation of local heat in body tissues by high-frequency electromagnetic currents .
waitress : well , just a moment , i 'll check .... sorry , sir .
attendant : we 're glad that you choose to have a wedding party in our hotel . which restaurant would you like ?
p : i accidentally dropped my knife on the floor .
t : when i was in the states , tried some and they impressed me .
l : keep the line with a tray , put a knife , a fork and a piece of paper napkin on it .
waiter , let me have the bill ? will you bring us the bill ? would you mind making out the bill ?
just pick up a tray , put a knife , a fork , a spoon and a paper napkin on it , and then start down the line .
a : there are seats available on a flight leaving at 18 : 25 . world you like this flight ?
clerk : i hear china is a wonderful
a : i can n't seem to get my car started , and i need to call a service station .
it 's always troublesome to go through customs - filling in forms , showing your passport to the emigration officer and showing your embarkation card .
a : well , they 're less expensive if you buy them as a set than if you bought them individually .
a : i 've been suffering from insomnia , and i 've got a ring in my ears , too .
c : i do n't have any ideas about medicine . i have to look to you for advice , boy .
c : that 's about the price range i had in mind . i 'll take that one , i guess .
shop assistant : they cost 53 yuan for 10 and 226 yuan for the nightgown . please pay at the cashier .
attendant : i 'm sorry to hear that , sir . if there 's somethingi can do , i 'm always at your service .
b : he had an operation for appendicitis but he 's due to be released from the hospital in about the one week .
a : my address is yanghua building , suite 208 , haifu road , chengdu , sichuan , and the zip code is 610021 .
k : there is one agent in your city . out of these agents a very large number are authorized to effect settlement locally .
a : do you mean to suggest that we have to make a further reduction of 50 dollars in our price ?
b : the ball is with you , mr gao . what price would you suggest ? step down as big as the one you 've just taken .
y : their term of office is four years . they could be dismissed and replaced if anyone of them is proved to be unqualified .
p : i 'll bring this matter up an hold a discussion with my company 's management on the joint venture proposition as soon as i return home .
if i may say so , it 's actually not the case . it may be nothing but a slight infection .
i 've told paul several times to knock at the door before coming in ! but he 's forgetting things all the time .
i 'm sorry , but our director has decided not to make any more equipment purchases for the rest of the year .
before submitting the bid ( tender ) , we need to know all the details about the conditions for the bid .
b : i think that the level of the women 's notional team is superior to the men 's team .
b : secondly , china should introduce a youth development program for volleyball . this will help to promote the sport among young people .
tom : when the second team has been retired the " inning " is over .
b : i 'm very sorry . i did n't bring any money on me . i can n't pay the bill .
h : the one who makes such a fault is to lose the right to serve , is n't he ?
d : as for double and men 's single , that 's 15 . as for women 's single , that 's 11 .
a : could you hand me my wedge ?
b : i heard that he won a lot of prices when he was an athlete . when he was an athlete .
b : i believe in my potential after a year with the national team . and i had altogether swum a total distance of 3200 kilometers this year .
b : i believe in my potential after a year with the national team . and i had altogether swum a total distance of 3200 kilometers this year .
a : i will n't be able to get any time off for at least another 3 or 4 months .
trampoline has its own terms such as " fliffis " and " randolphs . "
he averaged 4.8 rebounds per game against opponents that towered over his 6-foot-5 frame .
for the first time ever , many of the national teams were officially sanctioned by their countries-as was the case with the team from the united states .
footwear is not compulsory for cycling , but is a requirement for running .
y-i-i-i ... know people , you know ?